Nisala Saheed?,Still needed? I have blue and burgundyI think REACH-ers are also coming back early (Mani can u confirm?),yupp,So far its just Rida Maryam Zafar and me from REACH but that might change once the new REACH members join in,Teodora Guillermo Tina,can you guys tag other Marhaba folks?,Tom Abi Samra,And Sustained Dialogue Ambassadors,Sneha Gyawalis also coming early I think!,Firas Ashraf,Marhaba a d FYD are arriving before the 15th of August cause that's when training starts. Tina Krulec,Daniel,yessss!!! also, 40 fyd people are arriving on 14th so it shouldn’t be a problem to organize it i guess 🤔 ,Yes! I’m planning to go on Sunday at 1/2pmProbably not complete (unless your parents win the lottery), but as financial situation changes people can lose/gain flights, stipends etc.,I had mine change from 80% aid -> full aid after my mum stopped working, and so far it has stayed at full even after she went back to (lesser-paid) workRaitis Pekuss aquarium,Shehryar,We'd like to borrow it, Daniel! Thanks,Raunak Shrestha ,Yeah I did,Me tooo,I got an e-mail but apparently I did submit it late. Check your e-mail to see when you received your confirmation for housing, if it was before the 27th you don't have to pay,I received it on the 30th but a friend of mine who didn't get an email saying they were late also got their confirmation on the 30th,Hmmm, mine was also the 30th. Guess we are gonna have to talk to resed,same here,Me too,Salma Soliman,same,Mariam El Sheikh,Me too,Me too,Aiza, Saarah.,Me as well,Me too,Raitis Pekuss,Got one even though I got the confirmation email on the 26th. I emailed them back with a screenshot of that email, but haven't heard back yet,Same,ResEd strikes again 13th of June last day of classes, 14th if you have a final for the summer course you’re taking,yotwin☺️,It's actually twin XL, which is about 5" longer.A6C lounge?Karima Raafat Nela Noll,we gonna have a visiting prof next semSomeone posted this yesterday actually; it could be that the bank is blocking your card because of the suspicious location/atm/shop. You have a number on the back of the card, make sure to call them and tell them of your whereabouts.,but i'm trying to use my card to pay for a new sim card :DDDD,(thanks tho i'll call),They've recently blocked me for paying 5 AED for something in the US. So call the number on the back and they'll unblock it in 15 hours,Sergiy literally same. it's only that now, I'm struggling anyone in the states to lend me their phone in order for me to make an international phone call lol,I reached a friend in the UAE to call them and tell them my U.S. number (thanks Diego Arias García <3). Try doing that!,Same thing happened to me after trying to purchase something on Ebay. I have been in the US since January, and all of a sudden I can no longer use the card.,UPDATE they refuse to activate it because I can't tell them the exact amount of money i withdrew the last time i used an ATM. I tell them the sum in dollars(since i withdrew) but they want the sum in dirhams :D :D wtf is this bank,I am sorry you guys had to go through this - but thank you so much for posting about it - just happened to me tooDefinitely Eric Hamilton,Eric Hamilton for sure!Yes. But if you have no way to contact your non custodial parent then that requirement can be waived.,Because in the email it says that it is not required, however many students are still filling it out,Hey! I asked them and we only have to fill it out the one time when we initially apply to nyuad x,You don’t have to. I asked them yesterday.,Maximi have one if you havent found one yet.,Dude do not, I repeat, do not wear a lanyard. Mission abort. Do not pass Go, do not collect 200 DirhamsThere are no girls living in a6cHaha is this for printmaking?,You know those are mine so you could just ask me for moreI do,Same,Got itHe means USB-CFirst step would be to actually know the dates of your internship.,,I need help...,dubizzle has listing for monthly apartment rent, otherwise look it hotels too :),谢谢小明！,My room,MY ROOM,Kit Palmer do you want to be my roommate tho?,Laine Melkerte?,Vlad Cherevkov,Airbnb worked well for me. Everything else is longer term,Vlad Cherevkov Okay thanks! How was your Airbnb experience though (as in was the host flexible and reliable)?,Olga Magneeva Enes Kriještorac,Diego Arias García,Airbnb for short term. my first month, I stayed in a place Alexander found somehow, but I know other people tagged above that have made it work with other housing options,Okay great! I'll definitely look into Airbnb :) thanks,Manesha Ramesh,Hatim Benhsain,Try https://www.dubizzle.com/. However, make sure that you actually visit the place and know the things you will be responsible for paying (such as DEWA, electricity)?,oops yeah this would be tricky coz I'm not in Abu Dhabi right now... Will this option work if I can book/pay just online?,I would not recommend paying online. Just book a room for first couple of days via airbnb and during your stay go and visit the prospective places. Also, airbnb has lots of good options. They just tend to be a bit expensive.,Dana Galimzhanova,Alex Matters,tb to sophomore summer,Do not take my or his advice.,Commute from Abu Dhabi?,Only if I have a personal chauffeur to drive me everyday...,I stayed at a great, reasonably-priced place in JBR and can give you the contact if you want to pm me,Ifran MadatalyHahaha just have public safety open it for you once & keep the doors bolted,Also may or may not have dropped it in B1/art center plshelphahahahaha brian ofc you’re doing this now,In my defense, I filled it out ages ago but I had to doublecheck about the non-custodial profile with finance support 😂,It's different for each student, I think. They sent me a wrong code first too and then sent a correct one a couple of days later. So maybe see if you have other emails by them in the spam folder perhaps?,Update: I emailed financial support and they replied me with a new code that worked!edgy,Butya,just kicked me out,yeap,yes,Yes,resolved,Yes, I still have,me too,There's a power outage in NY and that's why its down,Yes it sucks,yes, especially with the grades on itMe!9500Sion Hau,There is baking soda in A2B Lounge xyesss applied in shanghai,And how was it?,went well, got my visa within a week after the appointment,I applied in Florence,I applied in New Zealand,why were you in new zealand?,I would rather not answer, it was for personal matters,Yes, I was in the UK. The process may officially depend on the country, but it should be fairly uniform all across. I may be overlooking something, so feel free to PM,Thank you guys for the information guys!,I applied in Accra and was rejected because it was not in my home country or the UAE (as did Roland Folkmayer) - I don’t know if the people who already commented had success but they made it pretty clear to me that it was rejected because I couldn’t prove I was returning to Ghana (and two weeks later I was approved in the U.K.),I would recommend that you apply from your home country if possible. However, I talked to the coordinator of Student Life at NYU Accra, and she told me that our case was quite a strange incident because people were granted a visa in the past. I think it is better to be on the safe side, though. Hope this helps ! :),Thank you very much for sharing this experience guys.,Daniel Rey,I applied in Shanghai and got it,I applied in London and the process was fineyeah actually please,Do you know anybody else who does? The more people we find the more likely it is,Sorin Panfile,If study away students can somehow connect online then yes please.,Yes please,Yeah me?,??,Uff ana raga3t beta3ty masr hahahahahhas ,Ahmad Mahaa,Lmfaoooooooo ☘️☘️,,PICTURE OR IT DIDNT HAPPEND,Miralo con esa carita,Actually cook for it,Or scare it mit das face,,Can you draw the blinds on other windows/sources of light? If so, do it, dim your lights and leave some crumbs right under the open window and trail them out to the windowsill outside. Nudge/herd it towards the only light source: the open window. Good luck!,Bring in one of the cats,same pls help,cuddle,thx will do,I can try to catch it if you need someone to do so. Always willing to help.,set the room on fire,Use an aerosol can and lighter to cleanse the room with fire,https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/801296-yummy-stuffed-pigeon,Veronika looolyep it aint working currently😞 no.,You ask me ;). But that’s the whole point of LaTeX.,Not sure if its across all OS systems but on a mac if you go to rename files and change the file type to something else it will convert it for you.Waseem Gulam,Yessssss Segun Omole,Smrithi Shalini Mahrukh,Roshan Poudel,Matthew Tan,Lmaooo lost my debit card so awaiting my funds may be a longer process 🤣🤣,Mine aren’t actually on the account yet, even though it’s for an internship 😕 should I wait until Sunday or contact Faiza?,Same!,same,Is it okay that my Bursar account indicates that I have -Number of my funding money?,My account doesn’t reflect research funding yet, should I wait or contact Farhana?,If you were approved for a summer internship grant with the CDC (Away From Home), the money came in yesterday so check your Citi Bank accounts. Research Funding and RealAD will come in by the end of the day today.,Any update on research funding for AD? No sign of it for me yetI get redirected to NYU it page every time I try to load the page.2785Jeff Jensen ,It's resolvedya it’s in the ocean from this friday,Helpful. Maybe if i go looking i can find your dignity too?,Plz anyone pliz,Check with the Pigeonhi yes :),Anel Orazgaliyeva,I did, feel free to reach out!,Jason Tao,Hey Hannah Kasak-Gliboff, I'm from NYUSH, currently in AD for one semester exchange. Please feel free to reach out to me for any questions. Btw, I'm also a Shabghainese 🙂,Tayla McHardie Reine Defranco,Yes!,Sergey Shkurinsky,yup!I went to h&w for insurance and nirvana/global ed for visa. depending on the issueIvory Lee,Zachary McGarryCarrisa Tp,feel free to PM me :),Kirk Edward Mariano,Hi hi! Just PM any questions you may have 😊,Yep! Just send me a PM if you have questions!,Sara Pan Algarra,pm me :),Chris Wheeler ?,This is not where he gained his antiterror expertise, however,James Pearce he had to deal with the horrors of toilet coins,Shivani Mishra,Lucas Davidenco fyiiii,Shivani Mishra,thanks everyone!!,Feel free to pm. Worked there for a year. :),Shivani Mishra,DoniaFollowing,Also hit me up if ya want to know stuff. I've lived here all my life and know way too much. 😄 also Dale Hudson has done analysis on Emirati films that sort of look at that  relationship. Deepak Unnikrishan is also amazing but again, might be a more personal perspective.,I am doing an essay for deepak!😂,Lmfao hit me up tho if ya wanna talk more about it. It's one of my fav topics and I've written/ researched a bit on my own.,Following,Follllo ,Me!!! 3rd of May, right? ,Since when,bruh i’m confused :c,hahah was this after the elevated talk,Asmaa Balfaqih,Suddenly changing your major? 🤔hey PM! :),when i was filling out the opportunities survey, there was a specific section where you could specify the format. That is what I did and they produced the letter that was exactly the type I asked for. Maybe u should still submit it like that and then email Faiza to make sure they understand exactly what you are looking for.Ayiiraa 😂. T) foofor) 😋😋 ,Eh WO da yasta? Water outdoors? Wala women outdoors? 😛,women only ya az3ar stay in your gender,Women only ya handasaaa,Yeees pleeeease, let's make it happen, yvf203, and Maha let's make it a roommate commitment, cause I'm gonna wake u up anywyas😜,I'll be waking youuu up anyways***,lol 1:1,7ebo ba3d b3eed 3ani :p,I tried to enroll but it said that I didn’t fulfill the requirements,lmao u freaked me out for a secondSebastián Caro,a week after, cries,Yo! Tengo cita a las 8:15,Estás haciendo planes para ir sin mi :(Cc5210 ho,Yohannes Nigatu,Sk5406,Wont u be in the army private kim,Excuse you. It’s Sergeant Kim,Diego González Arciniega,dga263,ara491,hns272,mm8890,Eab680,sys341,amk900,ym1596,ec3330,jx760,at3416,ma4324,sms1198,Dhl392,ss10149,<3,gg1720,rmr517,mvd342,sma616,Freshman but still interested for the future :) Ham422,Jsb697,Kocevska Matea,cks335,ccp347,mee mk5915,csw360 - ur awesome Thomas Yates,rs6061,jcc823,kt1673,Yobin Timilsena,Freshman but interested - ska323,yt1155,very generous mr. yates :),Hung Nguyen,hln236,yn705,Htn260,ao1402,aa5367,Mj1747,if you study for 1 semester in NYC, you're not eligible to apply for internships,is it a visa thing?,yes,am7838,ash558,sk6852,mo1414,Db3477,Ali Shazal,as10505,ac6358,fl1092,mak905,Markus Abeler,ms9550,Dana Galimzhanova Gregory Goldemberg,dg2855@nyu.edu,Hat278,Sorin Panfile,visa...,Ykl285,yvb207,xl2200,ska299,wm988,Charles Kanyanta Chansa the benevolent God Thomas Y8s,Hahahaha god complex level 10000,Sergey Shkurinsky,Me !,Oops, sorry, net IDs: amk900 and sys341,Sent! Apologies for the yuuuuge email but hopefully it helps everyone out,yx1502it appears on albert for me, my schedule page,Student portal in the registrar page,got it thanks!me,Go away,It's 50 USD on the weekdays and 100 USD on the weekends I think :(,There’s an easier way to unlock it; search for my post regarding this from last semester I commented a video link to help people unlock if they forgot the codeYou have to do it via phone and yeah, it’s because of nirvana,ugh. :( okay, thanks Paula :),Yep it's a Nirvana issue, show up at the airport a little earlier than usual,if you want to change dates you have to email nirvana but cc global ed to give you approval :/,I changed my Etihad flight by calling their Global Contact Center and just asking their representative for the fees/giving them my card info to pay for it. They didn't ask me if the flight was booked thru a travel agent, and the whole process took about 10 minutes. Nirvana hasn't emailed me about it either ,Tab a broom? Vacuum cleaner,helween wla halloween ? huehueheuheueheuheuhe,I WANNNA CLEAN MIT UUUUUUUUUUU :'( angst angst angst angstSame,Your stomach,Yumi Gambrill?,Hassan Ahmed Akeed fi 7aga ghalat 3andi then,me,Hi,Arb Mehmeti how u doin👀👀,Send an email to IT. Also, take a look at your balance and transactions on the mealplan.nyu.edu website,Contact Big Shaq for dat Natwest Balance innitmatteo.marciano@nyu.eduWalking on Sunshine // Queen – We Are the Champions,Captain America by Moe!,Superheros - The Script,Legend- The Score,Avengers theme?,Hall of fame - The Script feat. W.i.l.l.i.a.m,Hero by Mariah Carey, Hero - Nickelback (spider-man s/track) ,Save me - Remy Zero, City of angels - Iris - goo goo dolls , Creed - Six Feet From The Edge , Matchbox Twenty - Unwell, Avengers theme song, for the SL hero the list must go on ....🙂,The Avengers theme!,Haha. So many. I'm not sure. He likes captain America so maybe that song by Moe or the avengers theme song. I don't know. Help me decide 😂,Do a mashup depending on how long the video is?,Anyone with better video editing skills than I would be well appreciated too.,I might be able to help! When should it be done by?,Thursday,Immortals by fall out boy,Centuries by fall out boyProbably GlobalEd. But as far as I remember there were no buses last year, neither for the arrival window, nor for departure. Also they haven't posted the spring departure schedule, so don't worry too much. :)Can direct you to a friend who has worked there full time if that helpsSuraiya Yahia Carlos Alberto Escobar Alex Matters Camila Viera any leads you lovelies might have?,don't know the guy, I approve of his clothing tho,Neel Vohra,I think he's an excellent advisor. He's very willing to help and extremely knowledgeable. He'll also keep you on-task but isn't super strict :),Oh really?!,Yes really actually! 😂,I think he is very supportive and helpful and that reflects in the process and the final grade. If you want to do a PhD you can benefit from a stronger recommendation, but otherwise he should be very suitable.,Thank you so much guys! <3Emirates free shuttle from Abu Dhabi to Dubai,Yo, but you'll need either a real Emirates ticket for that or a fake one from NirvanaTagged you in a comment in another postfollowing,apperently when you are enrolled you no longer have to fill out the noncustodial profile, the office of financial aid told me,Maria Del Mar Jaramillo oh ok thanks!,Same!,Te han respondido de financial office? Yo envié un email hace una semana y no me han respondido ni le ha llegado el link a mi papá.,In the reply to the "following" comment above she said that you apparently don't have to fill out the noncustodial profile anymore,Hania,Maria?,Saaaaaame, and i've looked online for help and apparently they need to create an account but its sooooo confusing: https://cssprofile.collegeboard.org/.../creating-css...,Maria they've sent us an email recently where it was mentioned that the Non-Custodial profile is not required for returning students.Just call the airline, don't bother dealing with Global Ed or Nirvana, it's a waste of time.I have experience doing this with Etihad and they'll tell you that they can't do it from their end and that you have to go through your travel agent (Nirvana)...See More,I changed my flight last year through Egyptair and paid 100AED instead of 600 (which is what Nirvana wanted to charge me). So it's possible.Smrithi ,HackermanDaniel Rey,I have a 9:15 appointment and the ride is like 45 min, right? SamridhaPlease help Steven play squash,i doLaura Assanmal Peláez,Following for 8:00 am appointment,my appointment is at 9:15 (but i may just come)Con Defne?,Following ,taken! ,yes, that night :)omgMay 15th I think ? Nisa RomanDoesn't library do the printing?,Yas mall, take elevator down from food court. there's a place call Orchid Studio. I think i paid 4 aed for a photo.Shin Won Kim ;),Aathma Nirmala DiousYou can borrow mine,Yes,YesMatthew, Sree Rag let's put cine class skills in use,Yes! Please.,Yulia Piskuliyska, Wani Lokulang,Anyone?My opinion - permanent address should be your passport address (assuming it is still your main family home)As for student address, I put the my Nyuad campus address,Ye, as above, permanent address should probably be your family home; and country where you live and student address the UAE/NYUAD.Can confirm that Mia is top notch and no one will find any higher quality of puns and baked goods on campusIf it’s a US number, you can call it for free from your Gmail with an NYU VPN!Thank you!! ,email craig,Alexandra Markovanope,you'll be contacted by aramex (a courier) about delivery at some point,I did notI have one! PM me if you want ^_^,Ekte2ab awi..,3eyat.comjust use an earring haha,I don't have any here :(,if you don't find anything just pass by IT office in C2, they'll help you out,Find a hijabi friend and ask to use their scarf pin,Intercultural bonding hahah, thanks !,I have one if you want.,i have one...Maryam want the tea?When I was there last, it was gone. I can ask for it if you really need it.,Check zomato or Google maps for images someone could've posted one there if you're luckyMe,Please,AlwaysHi, so the k-th moment of variable X is E[X^k]. You can find the k-th moment of normal (gaussian) distribution in the equation 12 of this document: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.4340.pdf(Note that it uses v instead of k)Kate Melville-Rea‭(02) 628 7149‬,Thanks!I am!,Adrienne Chang Diego Kleiman Alex WooHyun Cho and me :),Prasant Lucas and me,On another note, did anyone else get reassigned on their track because we got switched from biomedical to electrical engineering lmao,Tarik Zulfikarpašić Shehroze Khan Peter Chen and me,Me!,me!,Me!,Karolis Degutis,Me!,Aida Aberra and me,Vic has kindly helped us secure a bus that will take us to Abu Dhabi University and back to campus once the event is over. We will be leaving campus at 7:30 am, and returning around 6:30 pm. Judging by previously expressed interest, we have booked a ...See Morei have oreoss,Hi I have some if u still want ,No, no Seville,  BILBAO,might be around august!Alexandra Urbániková,Rachel Bruleok but why did he not tell ME,HAHAHA I just randomly saw him & he was saying he's sad that he's going to a concert but is losing so much money on extra tickets so I offered to post NOT EVERYTHING IS ABOUT YOU SOAAD,Alia wait so if i go to this i spend time with BUSH?????,Youssef Azzam Salma Ahmed Ismail Adam Sherif @egyptians - sharmoofers???,Layan drop your capstone and leggo ,Use the metro. Get a one way ticket to one Of the bus station stops like Ibn Batutta mall, ghuniba station etc and take the bus from there (again with an other nol card ticket,There is a metro station in the airport. From there, u can reach a ton of stops to.your convenience,but if you're landing in terminal 2, there is no connection to the metro, you need to take a cab to the nearest metro stop.,Sree Rag,who’s coming 👀,1. (Cab) - Metro - Ibn Battuta Bus Station- Bus to Al Wahda - Cab/Bus to campus - (~30 aed to metro + ~ 5 aed to Ibn Battuta + ~ 25 aed to Al Wahda + ~ 30 aed to campus for cab / 2-5 aed I think from Al Wahda Bus Station to Campus with the bus)2. Cab/Bus/ Metro (Not sure what that is like) - Al Ghubabiba Bus Station  - Bus to Al Wahda (25 aed)  - Cab/Bus to campus (same as above)...See More,This is so detailed,Prajna Soni yeah well researching everything on your own is a pain,Take shuttle to al wahda mall-take bus from al wahda to al ghubaiba in Dubai (25 dirhams), take metro from there to the airport (6dirhams),The other way around in ur case,Sometimes, if you go to al Ghubaiba station, there are cab drivers that will charge you 50AED to get to Al Wahda. It’s just you’ll have to share the ride with strangers but it cuts down travel time significantly!,I love these illegal taxis and there are those in Ibn batutta station as well. It usually takes 45-55 mins to al Wahda and 40dhs,Just to let you know, I think the Ibn Battuta station might be closed so you might have to take the free bus from JLT to it      https://www.khaleejtimes.com/.../dubai-metro-red-line-to...,I have come from Al Ghubaiba to Campus with cab drivers standing right by the bus station for 60 AED. You have to negotiate the prize tho. Faster, cheaper, comfortable, but not that safe. 😀If you are willing to donate to her, you can give it to me and I'll pay you for it.I think your financial aid package (If your on a full scholarship) is coming only from NYU Abu Dhabi and not through any federal funds so I don't think you have to apply for FAFSA separately. (I never did) But I am not entirely sure, perhaps someone else can confirm?,The email they sent out like yesterday says US citizens need to apply for both?,oh nvm lol they sent me an email saying disregard that email lmao sorry for the confusion!!,Yeah I was just about to write they clarified it so it should just be the CSS profile!,Yep, no need for FAFSAMe!A lot of the banks don’t do it... sadly I didn’t succeed 😞 they say you should have a bank account setup to get money thru thereTry the standby line if you don't find one!hi ,End of April,Just received itA debit MasterCard. Transaction fee is 3% I believe. You also need to fill out a one time password for every online transaction.Go to sleep tami,its 9 pm on a friday night, who tf sleeps now?,Exaclty... https://www.facebook.com/LADbible/videos/4640832619297225/,Me :D,Yep!,me,me,Might,Me Tami <3 We can bike to class togetherGo to Madinat Zayed and around that area, they have a bunch of jewelry stores (and are known for it) and you can negotiate prices with the sellersis it still left over from the M&D days?Andrés López Schrader,Yep! I’m upstairs near the reading roomill pm you who replied so far :)),Mariam Al-Ali ,Sangeetha Mahadevan maybe?:)I didn't. I think it refers to money received from other people/institutions to pay other taxes. Also, the taxes for college would be something that should be paid on your behalf (usually by the parents),So shall I put 0 then?,I mean, that's what I did. If you really want to be 100% sure you can write it down and there is a section that will pop up in which it says to describe the use of that money or sth like that, right?,I'll put nothing either, thank you for the help!,you gotta put the money you receive every time make it play it gets playedFarida Khaled Gamal,Mauricio Yañez Sebastiano Pio Matera,Hi handsome,Mauricio Sebastiano my saviors ❤️,Nema brate,Markov malo zezaš a? 😜❤️,Your face is a drying rack,got one:)A6. Till SundayNo but I believe they reserve the right to ask for a document to substantiate any figure you input so its better to have documents ready just in case(this doesn't happen very frequently though),they never asked anything ,CORON, PALAWAN, PHILIPPINES 🇵🇭,Krabi island (Thailand) - the landscape is breathtaking, and amazing if a relaxing family trip is neededRedang Island (Malaysia) - absolute beauty, a bit remote tho, but really beautiful...See More,Langkawi is quite pretty too and very easy to travel to. It has direct flights to the island with Air Asia from Kuala Lumpur, Kuching, Singapore,If going to Langkawi, highly recommend hiring a car and driving around (if you’re a big family). It’s super cheap.,Lake Toba, Sumatra in Indonesia is amazing,,Don't go to Phuket if you don't want to be surrounded by a lot of Australians lol or ripped off like crazy because they know you're not from Southeast Asia. (eg. My fam from Malaysia didn't get ripped off while I got ripped off the moment they heard my 'strong' Australian accent.),Islands in East Malaysia are beautiful,Tzy Jiun can you believe I’ve never been? Lol what kind of fake Malaysian am I,I've only been to two!!! Manukan island and its neighbouring ones,I second Krabi!! Its so beautiful and you get to visit other neighbouring islands as well! I heard Palawan is really nice too!,Penang Island. Voted as must visit cities before you die, best food paradise in the world, UNESCO world heritage site, best place to retire, etc in many travel websites/guides 😀 it now also has direct flights from taipei non-stop everyday!,Also you can hire these - proven to be a great family bonding experience!,Plus kickass graffiti art,I recommend Krabi as well, and definitely visit Phi Phi Islands if you go,As a Balinese I will be biased and tell you Bali is one of the best islands there is. but, hey! take a boat to the Gili islands from Bali. There are three of them: Gili Trawangan (the party hub), Gili Air (mostly turtle conservatory centers), and Gili ...See More,really hard to choose one with all the good recommendations but THANK YOU guys!!,Australia ;)Hungry @ NYUAD#Aizaz4DinningCommitteePresident,Saad Sultan dinning,Typo ki waja se saad ko tag kiya hai na?,I believe,Tx 4 support ali,that'd reduce their profits so I guess it's unlikely,I don't mind paying the same price for it, it's only one meal swipe after all,I actually agree. It will increase orders cause then most people will actually finish them and it's way more convenient. reduced food waste + more orders,Please,Thanks for making me feel like a fatass for being able to finish one on my own,Yusuf Derya,Well atleast you're not contributing to the food waste😂😂,Bc 6-7 handi order karte ho aur ek pizza khatam nahi hota bc Mohammed Baig Farzan Ahmad Khan,Hahahahahahaha kamaal Yar madhav,You forgot the 12 garlic nans,Ali Areeb,Yumi GambrillAnyone know if probability will be offered in the Spring?,Chhete SherpaIdk if you specifically want a physical copy, but i have a pdf if you need ,Yes!Paid for the new card but not for shipping I believe (to Berlin) and it took maybe two weeks to reach me,Student finance told me they would also charge $40 USD to my bursar account to send it to me in London, which is a new policy I believe 😞following11 am to 9 pm everyday except theyre closed on fridays, ,I will take it,Can i take the gardens speak tic?YesAchrakat El FitoryAnd another one for meee??Good luck. In case you don't get one, you can ask the library to print one large for you.If you fly me in I'm all yoursThat works These aren’t how yours look,Raaja Raikundalia why'd you delete your comment?  😂Bookstore :),If anyone has a pennant, I also need one please ,I got a letter from registrar confirming that I am currently enrolled as a student and that I live here (on campus)- it works for me, but I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for,ResEd can do that. I had to for visa stuff.,pm 🙂,I gave them a citibank/NBAD statement,Thank you :),I got one as well to open a bank account - email resed they'll forward you to the relevant contact (who'll ask for your passport copy)Armaghan, Shehroze.Farzan.Me plsAll of them do,Even the ones you can rent outwould especially prefer recs for literature outside US & UK but all suggestions are welcome!!,We Should All Be Feminists (Adichie),Woman at Point Zero,US but Why I Am Not a Feminist by Jessa Crispin,Bad Feminist by Roxane Gay,Ankita Sadarjoshi thank you <3,Dear Ijeawele by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie,Started reading it already -- thank you :),The Second Sex by Simone de Beauvoir, classic,The Feminine Mystique by Betty Freidan. Pretty much anything by Judith Butler.,anything written by Sara Ahmed,Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists by Linda Nochlin is a classic essay,The Female Reader of Hegel’s Phenomenology of Spirit by A. Feeney,Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys. Rhys rewrites Charlotte Brönte's Jane Eyre (an English classic touted for its feminist vision) by shifting the focus from Jane to Bertha (Rochester's Creole wife or "the madwoman in the attic" in the original work). Critique of liberal feminism, the English empire, colonialism... sounding from the periphery of the empire but I shouldn't be reducing it to labels. Have fun!,YES! Been meaning to read this book for a while now, thank you <3,The Who and The What - Ayad Akhtar, it's a play, pretty controversial, about a woman writing a provocative novel,I LOVE this play!! Read it almost a year ago,Yeeees,King Kong Théorie or anything by Virginie Despentes or Paul B Preciado,The Purity Myth by Jessica Valenti and Women, Race and Class by Angela Davis (watch her speeches as well, they’re pretty cool),Any Chimamanda book, Sylvia Plath (The Bell Jar) & Margaret Atwood ( The Handmaid's Tale),I would also recommend Woman at Point Zero. Another one is: Women...But - Nour Abdelmeguid,A Vindication of the Rights of Woman by Mary Wollstonecraft.,Gender Troubles - Judith Butler :)Very dense in content but a great read !,Girl PM me I have a list,Done!,Andrea ChungYuting JiangKarma Dolma GurungKamilya IssaliyevaAnna Roland Folkmayer defense paper material,Herland by Gilman,The End of Patriarchy - Robert Jensen.,Sex and Character - Otto Weininger.😂,Thank you so much!!!,Second Sex - if you want philosophy existentialism - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Second_Sex,I have a syllabus for my class, Philosophical Perspectives on Feminism and Gender, that I can send you if you want!,Personal recs from the course include The Sexual Harassment of Working Women - MacKinnon, Reconceptualizing Sexual Harassment - Schultz, Speech Acts and Unspeakable Acts - Langton, and Francis Biddle’s Sister - MacKinnon,Also if you haven't read JJ Thompson's infamous essay on abortion, it is a really interesting, straightforward piece!,under western eyes by chandra mohanti, the poetry and/or essays by nourbese phillip,Thank you, Mani!!,feminism without borders by chandra mohanty includes the piece Mani Rehman mentioned and some more,Ibsen's "A Doll's House" is considered a classic,such woke,Segun Omole,you tagged the wrong guy,Martha Nussbaum: Objectification, and a philosophy paper on female genital mutilation,Woman at Point Zero... The Awakening,Milk and Honey by Rupi Kaur. Can't vouch for her second book but should be equally good. She has an ig page so you can check out some of the poetry she has in the book: https://www.instagram.com/rupikaur_/,Baig- ma intellectual boi,Mary Wollstonecraft-anyting by her basically, Ain't I a Woman, Medea/Antigone, A Streetcar Named Desire, Tess of the D'ubervilles, Pride and Prejudice, The Glass Castle, To Kill a Mockingbird,pretty much anything by judith butler,what do you know about Judith Butler?,gender theorist who works in queer and literary theory and has some papers on (third wave) feminism,Virginia Woolf is a writer that is considered as an important figure in feminist history, maybe try her work?,A Room of One’s Own in particular,The twilight saga by stephenie meyer,would also recommend looking into other feminist writings that aren't just judith butler, there are other people in the world, and that can also provide you a non-western vision on feminism, such as homa hoodfar.,Qn eri,Solo pq fuite lesviana por meia ora wn,Lila Abu-Lughod, especially Writing Women's Worlds 🙏 she is excellent,I love her works!!,Haven't read, but I heard Politics of Piety by Saba Mahmood is good,Yes I’m reading it next week for one of my classes this sem. Thank you!!,Chimamanda's Feminist Manifesto-- BEST!,I can recommend a couple of feminist works dealing with art and art history. pm me if interested!,Vamika y the “haha” react to my post 😞Does Vitamin C work?,:((((((찬용김 (Tina Kim)?bump!,bump. This is today.I don't think entering through Dubai should be a problem at all and I don't know why GlobalEd would say that. Ask them and let us know!,"All students returning to the UAE must travel through Abu Dhabi International Airport for visa purposes.If you purchase your own flight tickets, please email a copy of your flight itinerary to let us know when exactly you are planning to travel." - this is what they told me,That's strange. I've entered through Dubai multiple times.,"you will need to land in Abu Dhabi rather than Dubai as you will be entering on a new visa (yours expired in February). Students entering the UAE on a new student visa have to land in Abu Dhabi." - Chuck Grim,That’s the info I’ve seen in emails before. I emailed global ed to check if it’s the same for internships - maybe I won’t get new student permit for the whole academic year, maybe. The issue is limited funding and ticket prices in these situations,I was asking this from global ed but ~surprisingly~ I didn’t get an answer: don’t tell me that there’s a law in the UAE that specifically says if you are NYUAD student you have to enter through AD. Like I know it’s a weird country and all that but I don’t buy this. Not until I see a law.,Aleksandra Markov,I entered through Dubai with a work permit that was issued by NYUAD, and it wasn't a problemy cuantos necesitas?,Y pa que,A6a601, it's in the sink,I do ,Don’t fking sad react to my post,u p d a t e,Mic Eliza,Jerome Sajan Varghese?,Already gave away my spot to someone else :( Good luck!Hi Thinh. Did you end up finding the answer to your question? I think I am in a similar situation. Can you please share your experience.me too please,FollowingAs per the CSS profile Glossary from last year, and judging from personal experience, “Tuition benefits” usually stands for any sort of financial support directly  provided by your parents’ employer for paying for your tuition in collegeSome people would describe me as a chil/no chill person,Lol, I hope you find a ‘no chill person’ to see how they would reactNYU Abu Dhabi, Saadiyat Island, Exit 11 Sheikh Khalifa Highway, Abu Dhabi, UAE 129188 ,Alex Edwards Nishant Aswani,Hit up front desk, ground floor C2! They deal with this all the timeExactly the same,what is exactly the same?,Gjorgji Shemov the policy stays the same as during a regular semester,Vuk,as a follow up, what is the overnight guest policy between finals getting over and may 20th?,SudarshanHostelworld will be the cheapest if you’re alone probably. Maybe look into Airbnbs as well? The further out of the city center you are, the cheaper, but tbh as long as you’re within the city bounds you’re good and even if you’re outside in the suburbs if you’re by a train you can get in simply.,Ghita?Its Abu Dhabi I thinkWhat if the gift was meant for you but then someone stole it???,FeelsbadmanYesDepends on the project, can happen in a few days ,It's Rashad Sultan, but I think the deadline was today, not sure though.I have a USB cord,Originally not for a phone but this might be what you are looking for,I do!,I doLuis Francisco Gonzalez,Umang MishraKevin Long Noll wants to, he posted about it,Down,Me. Ham422,mememeAndrei Stoicait was meWe have !Sara literally our convo 😂,@d2I found both Strohacker et al (2015) (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4412849/) and Barte & Wendel-Vos (2015) (https://www.tandfonline.com/.../10.../08964289.2015.1074880) really useful in different ways for a paper I'm working on at the m...See More ,To my knowledge, the last room is about arts and how artists throughout different cultures and time have shaped the world by their work.,It is! Apparently, I expressed myself unclearly. What I was wondering about was the actual title of the series of photos of the guy, not space:),http://www.zhanghuan.com/# Zhang Huan and the work is called family tree!,Also it's Chinese characters not hieroglyphs :)No winter jacket, but I got some thermal underwear you can borrow if need be.,I have some that you can tryFollowing,Apparently it's no longer needed for students that are already enrolled,Asked too!! You dont have to submit it ,Omg this is so exciting,Please feel free to send anything and everything hahah,Sadaf Habib Ifadha Sifar,Alex Fleming Ria Golovakova surely you have some to contribute,No,Alex Fleming HAHA bs,you could collect all the study away application essays, there might be more correlation between structure + content ;),haha Adam, you're a genious, probably that would be a great machine learning task. But for now please just send everything you can including study away apps and we'll see what comes out ;),Is it bullshit if it's convincing though,What a brilliant idea, sounds like everyone should send in their essays!!,Ayah Kaboud,Lol, you accepting capstones? lolHi,here, if not resolved yet :)May Baho,Yess,Ona ?,Rosy Tahan,Antony Tahan,Alia if u even end up going,Joaquín Kunkel,Mani Rehman,Archita Arun !!,Omg,최재우 (Ryan Choi),아 아니다,Yesss,Archita?,Asmaa BalfaqihJulia  Tymoshenko,No,The payment should come in this Thursday,any updates? :D I still haven't received anythingbehind the athletics office, 2nd floor C2Isn't there a frisbee PE class now lol,Wait what?,,jlp682,Zm714,Go work on your essay,jx760 and tz929 (Diana),al4867,Li Wendi Megha Bansal Michael Rosenthal,nha241,Ayah Rashid,lfg262,Omg no,Omg yes,aah591,Sk5406,slw515,wl1390,jy1793,Diana Zhu?,Swb300,YES PLEASEEEE,an earnest lover and played for years if that helps,Li Wendi yoooo,yoo,mcn309,Rek352,ar4358. I am 100% interested and excited to see this post. Finally an Ultimate Frisbee SIG <3. I've been playing since high school and am well connected to the UAE frisbee community. I can help get a coach or someone to come out and teach new players. ...See More,I was just going to tag you!,hkg245 Lenah Ankliss,Fms306Layla Al Safadi Anna Guðný Jónsdóttir Þór Jumana Ibrahim Amina Bašić Cece Kim Lubnah Ansari Aasna Sijapati Elena Negoiu Ingie Baho Khalid El Essawi Matthew Jagdeo Mohamed Mbarouk Henry Roberts Maximus Nobes Everett Pruett here you go ,Bump,Bump again. I need one again, pls 😢,Nobump,Pls help,have you tried the theater prop shop?,We are using a bottle as a vase rnAli Shazal Maxim  Blinov,Ali Shazal,Jaisal Friedman, Martin Doumanov, can VIEW help?,Prince Steven Annor,Maxim Blinov,Yes I can helpMisa Morikawa did you get my email?I have a small turtle,can i see it,Hatim Benhsain,Ana,ch3ndek,hta nwriik,you can use me,boy toy?,No, this one is too ugly,Yep ! Don't ask why , just pm me 😂,i have like 4 funko pops lol,interesting,who,Pls take my bunny,Or my snorlax,Or my Winnie the Pooh,Or my little glass bird,Or my racoonFollowing,following,following,I guess any day now because they said mid April,following,Hurbert Shauri,In a week at max,following ,why being frugal ???????????,Couch Surfing?,www.seekingarrangement.com,You can look up short term rentals in airbnb, often times students rent out their places/rooms over the summer. Couchsurfing is also a somewhat reasonable option.,Thanku!,,That's how you crash,It’s expensive af out here,Travel Joy Hostels, Chelsea. By the Thames and super cheap.,Check student dorms, the universities often rent them out for the summer or holidaysAnyone who is really desperate to go and is free from 3-6 on Saturday, pm me,While you are there make sure to download the Akyasi app! if you dont wanna keep carrying books all day long!If this is for the little flies, put some dish soap and add a sugary thing (like honey) in a bowl and they all drown in 3 days,Malak YasserLujain Ibrahim,oui,Tania Zani?,Merci!,Ok i'm sorry but this has been bothering me for a while and I had to correct itIt's "Le français est-il* ta langue maternelle",Yeah haha I noticed that but this is not my poster unfortunately, just passing a friend’s info 😅,I guess that’s how they know your mother tongue is French 😛,Maria Vogel,I cant ive got retainers,Isabelle Galet-Lalande,Sara Alanis SaenzNope, they told me they'd start the visa process only until mid-April so we should hear back soon.,Oh my mom just got hers five minutes ago right after I made this post 🙂,Well, talk abut timing haha.,Same as Mateo Juvera Molina,My mom got hers yesterdayChristian Haefke ,Sangeetha Mahadevan Shreya Shreeraman,Romeno Wenogk Fernando,Safeya Alblooshi HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM,It's for research purposes :),I don't know if this might help, but it gives me life https://youtu.be/knmKV0q4MD8,Asmaa Balfaqih,Ishani SenSree Rag,pm me if you need! short version is 10/10 recommend the class & matteo is the greatest ever,No ragrets,dude do it such a fun class Reema Kaiali Zain Mustafa Mateo Cruz,Ana Karneža,meeepjs512,Madhav Juneja- man is back,zw1402,ham422yep but i think you need your own laminating sheetsNo,We have to send the CSS profile by email?Lulu Zakia,Hey Adam thank you so much!! I got it from the CDC, really appreciate it!!,Akash Alex Oscar who lost itGood guy Madhav,Matea I hope you are still in London 😂I do! I'm gonna be home soon!!10:25am might work for me,Take it with me in spring 😜NYU has CDCaround august 11,Thanks Maria!,you are so knowledgeable Maria,Are you not on the group chat,im arriving on the 14th,wait did you already receive tickets?,following,We start training on the 15th if I am right  so we have to be back before,Tina Krulec halp,Aathma Nirmala Dious yep, training for FYD facilitators and Marhaba Committee starts August 15, so I guess we'll be coming back to AD August 13/14.Other ,I think it’s because of Ramadan. A lot of people travel to spend ramadan with loved ones during that time. Cant say much about price changes,makes sense, thank you,Not sure about Etihad, but most international airlines in my experience spike their ticket prices around mid May as foreign students return home for the summer / tourists begin to travel (although most of them only do a few hours stop over in the ME due to the heat.),I remember looking at AUH to NYC flights a couple months ago and prices were consistent across most dates except for a few weeks here and there which there were spikes. Did not notice any drop for closer dates.,Hala,The only clear spikes I have noticed for Etihad are during the holiday season (Dec 23-Jan 1) and when you book more than 3 months in advance.I love him even though I slept a lot in his class (his teaching was great but helped me realize philosophy is just not a subject I’m interested in) and at one point when I went to talk to him he was like “Kevin it’s ok if you sleep in my class, I don’t...See More,this is how we became friends kevin,He's pretty chill until you take advantage of how chill he is, if that makes sense. For example, one day he announced he was going to start penalizing people for not coming to class, but he isn't that strict about participation. However, when it does c...See More,Fun fact: I am taking central problems now haha,Tell him after class that KEVIN MISSES HIM 😀,Just don't be Jhamal Fanning and you'll be fine ;),Yeah he picks people to abuse,Supriya Kamath,he's not harsh with the participation grade (he's tougher on essays, in my experience) but I think he does want to see that you are, at the very least, *attempting* to contribute to the discussionMajida?,Can you please forward it to me? fa1043 ,Kirk Edward Mariano Michael Rosenthal?,Me ,I did! It took way less time than I thought. Apply online and set up an appointment asap and I got my passport back within a week!I can clearly see you’re overthinking,Sure, what is your net id?,Nouf you still have time to think about this, think twice before you make this decision to carry onAndrija Klaric Thoughts on the IRCAM course?,Ireland? Arianna Japan? Nina,Erik Copenhagen,Following,following,Cuba, Prague, and Sydney all have Tisch programs, so it's still technically NYU, and it's all about film. Are you looking for film programs specifically or?,Sydney may be off the cards. It's up in the air right now whether they continue or not.,Wow right, looking at anything in the arts tbh.,Sussan García Jerusalem?,it’s temporarily suspended for a year now and will also be suspended for fall 2018 so far due to visa problems... :/,What about spring 2018? Is it dependent only on the visa thing as of now?,There's also a screenwriting program in London, with Tisch,Wowow,There are really strong arts programs in Santiago if you speak Spanish (at or above intermediate level)! I’m happy to talk to anyone about the application process since I’m applying now 🙂,There’s a list of universities outside of NYU, “International Partner Universities” which you don’t have to petition to go to for a semester. The list is here: https://www.nyu.edu/.../internat.../partneruniversities.htmlYou can also of course petition for a different site, but then you need a good reason.The convenience store should have some!,There is some in A2B lounge you can take ,MeMahrukh Tauseef,I can get you a buy one get one free offer,Mesh 3arfa law lesa bas etihad members 3andohom BOGO,I think they have 50% off for nyu,Maybe on specific days not sure,Try out outbound.com. I got a great deal last time,they have a really good ramadan discount. Goes from 360Dhs to 90Dhs as long as you have an Emirates ID,Cristian GarciaMauricio YañezJuan Pablo Rossi vamossss,Vayan!,Wait till Ramadan, killer deals,Smaranda maybe just wait for summer?Nyuad events  office is where immigration is based, next to the door that exits toward the Baraha rooms.my father (who usually doesn't cook) making cheese omelettes w extra spice bcos we're desi every sunday morning for breakfast and all of us sitting and eating them on the sofa as we quietly watch zee tv which is one of the few indian channels available...See More,I often joke that my dad is emotionally inept - he’s really not big on hugs or verbal confirmations unless I initiate it but he pays attention to my (many) food cravings and whenever he’s around he’ll call me up to let me know he’s dropping of some food for me or ask me if I’m still in the mood to eat whatever I was craving for last week,my mother always asking me what i want to eat when i go home to visit & going out of her way to make food she knows that i love even when i answer that i dont want anything specific,“Have you eaten yet? You’re not hungry? Eat anyways.” Stuffing me with food or cooking my favourite foods when I get good grades.,Oh and terms of endearment in mother tongue. Mum calls me ‘sayang’,my mom calls me 'sayangnya mami' aka 'mom's sweetheart' :"""),1) dad makes horlicks when I’m in a rut of tension or to start the week. With a teaspoon or two of extra sugar if he’s in the mood. But what made it so special was the way he’d “beat” the hot milk to a thick froth-ish, egg nog like consistency. Exam we...See More,My mother calling me at 5 in the morning asking me to pray,my mom wrote me a long letter once about how she felt to have me as a daughteralso when my dad texts me everyday asking me if i'm ok,my mom is too awkward to say "I love you" and "I miss you" explicitly, so sometimes she will send me videos of my cats at home and say "the cats miss u so much",also when my dad calls me up 3 times a day from work when I'm visiting to ask if he should leave early to pick up some fruit/samosas/other food,Omg,My parents take a huge interest in my travels- they often look up the places I’m going to more thoroughly than I do myself, and make sure to know my flight & accomodation details. Most of the time they don’t even tell me how much they’ve researched, I ...See More,My dad teared up and had to leave the room when I was delivering a speech on a grand final of a debate competition. He never said it to me but I like to believe that I made him proud.,oooh and my mom, she is less emotionally constipated than my dad. But everytime I go home for winter/summer, she'd buy me tons of fruits- all of them are my favorite. She'd cook based on what I want almost everyday (tbh everything tastes delicious as long as it involves her making it, even when she cooks me instant noodle) because she wants to cherish the fact that I am home. I love my mom so much.,My mum loves texting me everyday to ask about my day even the stories are the same. She does it so much that my dad tells her to not text me too frequently but when she doesn't text me he would ask her "Have you talked to our daughter yet?",My mom wrote a letter for me on my sixteenth birthday about her emotions when she gave birth to me. After reading the letter, I hugged her for a long time and both of us didn't say anything or discuss the letter because we were both on the verge of tears.,stop it omg,My mom entertaining me at 3am when I was too stressed to sleep because of the math test tomorrow hahaha,My dad driving me to school every single day since kindergarten,Every Eid my mom spends weeks making clothes for me to wear. She has the clothes made from scratch. She picks our everything herself, the fabric, the embroidery, the dyes. Sometimes she has to spend hours in the bazaar when she’s fasting to get all this done but that’s her way of showing how much she loves her daughters,Actually crying from all the wholesomeness guys, keep the stories coming,same omg the food the clothes the hugs the nicknames the everything im crying,Well1) Nicknames in my mothertongue. I know this is kinda common is certain cultures but it's kinda special cause My mom called me different ones in malayalam and in my dad's side, they have nicknames that are completly different from their actual nam...See More,My mom lost her ability to feel touch in one of her hands after giving birth to me, which affects her day to day life. Despite that, she continues to drive me places where I need to be, cooks with me, and does things that may seem mundane but are probably pretty painful to this day, for me.,My dad waking me up every morning with hot milk ready and my vitamins for th day. He’d then put lotion and socks on my feet as I groggily rolled around in bed. He’s the best person ever.,MY MOM OILING MY HAIR I LOVE THAT SHIT,PREACH!!!!,In high school I would stay up late a lot to study/do homework, and I would usually just work on the dinner table. My mom would fill up another corner of the dinner table with her own paper work, and would stay up with me until she gets sleepy. She'd a...See More,Just to share mine because why not: we couldn't afford college abroad and when admission decisions were coming out I got rejected from every uni I applied for financial aid with. I had gotten into one school at the earlier dates (no financial aid) but ...See More,love this n love u so much,Showing off and talking about you to everyone they meet - another thing my mum does,,am i the only one crying at the amount of love under this post,Same!!!!! for sure im calling my mom asap tomorrow,Back in primary/secondary school my mum would forbid me from going out with my friends, especially late at night. She'll tell me it's too dangerous and I'll go back to my room sulking, but whenever I walk back out she would leave some money on the tabl...See More,omg,JONATHAN im crying look what u did,Ruth Ghidey lol should I even answer this?,a) Whenever I feel seriously sick (be it a fever, nausea etc), mama (mom) and baba (dad) begin by "I've been telling you not to drink cold water etc etc). This happens separately and so twice. But right after they baby me so much that I dont have to li...See More,The sick part is so true and so is the studying one 😂,I'm from Indonesia :) My mom doesn't really hug me because I don't think she's used to it, my grandpa was that really strict preppy formal businessman, so she cringes (although secretly tries to hold her smile back) every time I hug her (almost every d...See More,kasih ibu sepanjang masa,surga di telapak kaki ibu,My dad used to wake up at 6am every morning when I was in school to make me eggs and give me company while I ate breakfast, so I didn't eat alone. He'd wait with me and chat until my school bus arrived, so we could have "father-daughter mornings" (his ...See More,As an only child, my mom would always get asked the question of why she and my dad never had more kids. Once, a family friend asked her if she’d ever wanted a son and she said, “The day I found out I was pregnant, I didn’t care if my baby was a boy or a girl. All I knew was that my child is a precious treasure and that’s it.”,My mum’s response on the other hand, “this one was already too much to handle, you want me to look after another one???”,Another fun story cause ya all making me emotional af. My entire fam thought I was gonna be a boy when my mom was pregnant. There was some weird thing about small pregant bellies = boys but it was also because my dad was the only son in the family. Dad...See More,Kristina StankovićYeah, I can't stream live news most of the time. Was never an issue.,Yes! All my devices suddenly disconnect.,sameee,Me too,Past two days???  I get the feeling that the wi-fi has been hung over since break ended.,Disconnects very frequently,lmao all the time Kipras Kušleika,just called IT and they said they'll look into itMe! Lfg262,Ya 3aini,Tct277,jlp682,Street Shaami 101,Me! Wjc355,Tjy229Can engineers participate?,for you anything,Diego González Arciniega,Yesss!,legal studies bata econ,Law school chai pakka ho,Jerome Sajan Varghese,Im interested!,Cecilia Figueroa,Meeeee!,interested!!,me,me. Doing my capstone on that,interested!,me!,Me me!,me,me,MePm me!,I dont need one of your white shirts,i have a burgundy one,I have a black one,I have a reddish one but it has lazer cuts at the end,Nandini Kochar,PMedTips and toes is p good I think,And we have a discount at the tips and toes on Saadiyat,Marie-Claude Hykpo do you know the prices? ☺️,You deserve one for sure,Groupon Offer - Le Royal Meridien AD // Great deal, great massage (Swedish).,Adnanfollowing,YesFollowing,Shahinaz? Not sure if you can help,I might be able to help! The Santiago site is a partner university (I’m not sure if you mean petition like completely outside of even the partner universities or just petition for a non-NYU site) but since I’m the first one to do that university they were a bit hesitant and didn’t know how to go about it so I can definitely walk you through the process of what they did with me and hopefully answer your questions. 🙂,Confused,stfu,Eda fe3lan,i did and got approval :) (didn’t end up going in the end bc the program was suspended for the semester i was looking for),Arianna Gayle StuckiWhen parents have split up and the child is living with one parent, child support is generally the income that this parent receives from the other one to financially support the raising of the child.,The amount of money I gave u each month which is 0 cuz I don’t care abt u at allShalini Corea ?,Yes tbh!,yes!,i have as well!,Philo Wang please vacate your room by 0600 tomorrow,I also have some pls take itMashal Memon,yes pleaseeee,Yess details upcoming shhh,Christine Dah-In Chung,Sangeetha Mahadevan,hibumpity bump... help a researcher out :),Aydo Shamma Al Bastaki Maitha Al Mansoori,,If anybody is up for it but hesitant, please reach out anyway for clarification! :)Brhu,Same,Same,same (but no cancelation email),ResEd never followed up with me as well. However, I have not received any cancellation email.,Same but no response. I applied late so idk,Has anyone received summer allocations?Citi,peasant,Stipend is life,ABCD,Shh, Im dyslexic,Wow Flavia! You're so clever!,adcb seems to have better security for online transactions,but nbad gets you free access to a vip lounge in the abu dhabi airport,Abcd pls NBAD customer service is horrible,nbad is the absolute worst,I have NBAD but ADCB gets special offers in booking tickets for Vox Cinemas lol, but NBAD is good for getting into business lounge in airportsDepends on stuff cause a lot of photography I do is at events and if I happened to have a camera so I take advantage of the moment. Visual arts is more of a mood thing,thank you!,Paintings are a mood thing, but for photography I have about 20 photos per month.,thank you!,2 paintings (bunch of stuff for classes but to me that doesnt count),thank you!,Not many, but if you take an art class that’ll do around 2-3 ( i mean big size canvas),thank you!,oddly restrictive to only count photography and paintings, but in terms of paintings probably 5 on average (Counting prints, sculpture etc on average 15 excluding classwork),thank you! it's for a class project :),Olga Magneeva that makes sense then x,thanks guys! :),Also depends on what you mean by making, I can take hundreds of pictures a month but only edit 20no,A3-164 Andrew?,I did a few days ago. Also Alia Ali ElKattan,HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA,Bethazzarrrre,Ella Noll,Yepp basically did the whole major my junior year. Feel free to message me!,Raluca Georgia,Switched from Engineering + Neuroscience to Comp Sci sophomore year way back in the day. Had never programmed in my life. It definitely works out, PM if you want any info :),Switched Sophomore fall, had done Comp Programming for Engineers freshman fall tho (but no other cs-related classes).,and shes switching out soon so??,who said so?,Switched in sophomore spring,Wth,,thank you all so much for answering!! :) i messaged some of you.,Jacinta?,Only problem is I have done some programming before this,Ahhh yes I forgot that. My bad.,Alexandra Markova I’m switching to CS,Пфффф удачи,Christine Dah-In Chung?,Yep, no previous experience with any kind of coding, intro to cs freshman fall, and basically undecided until sophomore year,Nurpeiis Baimukan,inshaallah,Vince Nguyen? He switch from physics to (maybe not quite sure but he will think about it) CS, maybe you wanna hear his idea,Tina Krulec can i ask you sth tomorrow?,Vince Nguyen of course! :),Manesha Ramesh,Definitely that. Feel free to pm x,AHAHHAA TINA WHAT?,hahah honestly, i have been thinking about it for a while now.. ill explain tomorrow :),Armaghan Khan. He switched in summer after freshmen year. Still no experience in CS.,Baray mazakiyai ho tussi,Manesha Ramesh,Manesha Ramesh,I took computer programming for engineering and language of computers. So, I did have some background. But, I wouldn't shy away from CS just because of lack of exposure.Email the registrar! They can sort it out for you.,thank you!,Should be under the edit section of Albert, alternatively you should be able to drop the whole thing and add it back while selecting the recitation you want (unless, of course, it's a very popular course),Edit it! Albert allows you to edit the classes with recitations, fast faststudy some chemistrynope lol :( i wishI remember in Marhaba they said to remember it's "New York University Abu Dhabi" not the other,The visa includes the “in” but I think we’re officially the former,Definitely without the “in”Yes !,Heree,Yep,Thanks y’all, I’ll message you!!do you mean enrolment verfication? cause i think you have to request that from registrar and have them email it to you,There's a form on the student portali messaged youLike fairy lights or like the disco kind?Baleegh Ahmad,I'll PM you.Muhammad Anas Jawed,You do need to replace it with another course.,Yes, because you need 4 courses for the minor,Yes, usually probability & stats,Yes super true,Mega true,Hahaha told you b,thank you everyoneee,You are very welcome,Doesn't matter for the CS major though(apparently),im sorry Maria Del Mar JaramilloAnna Balysheva, Joel Ntwali, Harshini Karunaratne,Jonathan Lee,Busy 😞,Sorry, presenting my capstone.Best of luck!,Enshu Cheng,Aathma Nirmala Dious,Cecilia Figueroa ArrivillagaKyler Meehan,Same. I worked with David Holland. I may also have some knowledge from my capstone, depending on what you need,Dani Carelli Jovan Jovancevic,David Holland might be able to help with oceanography sensors,If I'm right, David Holland works on Sea levels in the UAE,Francesco Arneodo is pretty good at any hardware maybe he will be useful? If he doesn't know anything you ask he probably knows who you should go to.,Already met with him but maybe I will email him again, thanks!,David Holland deploys lots of CATs,Also Maya Adams may know peepsI have many contacts in Slovakia, Czech republic (Mostly Prague) and Ukraine - just name what you need to solveI've gone through the process recently. If you did the IB in high school then actually it is attested by the IB headquarters in Geneva regardless of where you went to high school - they have a special legalization team in place for this. If you followe...See MoreI’m deadi understood something like - "Gamal has implemented the miracles and God praised the seeds (?) of Gamal (?), He and the Nile donates the dam that flows and is free/clear and then empties the struggles/battles, time turned/curved from his age and something about money and friends and forces, and history turned/walked around to observe how the lion sets an example to attack and spring?",Can you link me to a specific performance/lyrics video of this? It would be easier to understand what she's saying,I found the Youtube video you might have used, but I want to point out that a couple of lyrics are a bit off. I can give you a more accurate translation in about an hour.,ahh thank you so much!! i used this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wc45Y7BKJog , but got the lyrics from here: http://www.sama3y.net/forum/showthread.php?t=17909,حقق المعجزات عزم جمــــــال فاحمدوا الله أن حباكم جمـــــالاGamal's determination has achieved miracles, so [you should] thank God for granting you Gamal [with a probable pun on beauty] هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سالا تبرا وذاك أفضى نضــــالا...See More,Btw, it seems that everyone is just copying the incorrect lyrics from each other. I corrected them in the above comment to what I'm (prettty sure) I heard. I'll get back to you about the one lyric I couldn't figure out.,Another btw, I can totally see why you (or Google translate?) mistranslated some of the lyrics. The very simple reason is the lack of accents (is that what they're called in English?) Especially since with poetry, poets are allowed transgression of rul...See More,ahh yes you're right it was so hard to figure out what variation of what form the word was in even when i tried to look up the words T_T,The thing with the seeds is funny 😂 you might have mixed up  حباكم (from the word حبا which means granted and usually used for God but also means crawled??) with the word حبّكم (which means your seeds),,هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سال مسكاً وذاك أفضى نضــــالاHe and the Nile are the two donors for this dam, this [one of them, the Nile] poured musk [metaphor for water], and that [the other, Gamal] flowed with perseverance ,Got you right here https://youtu.be/48CqVpNZLcc,Omar, that's not how we do it here. we always "ask for a friend",Lol Stefano highjacked my FB and posted this, so technically he was asking for a friend? 😅Last semester yeah. It was only a few days later though,too late flaviaRide to somewhere to find your icetea?Doovaraha Maheswarasarma  and Baleegh Ahmad why didn’t u keep my glasses safe all I was trying to do was support u 😡,Not surprisingNot sure if Global Ed/Nirvana will like the idea but you can try contacting the airline directly.,I would recommend seeing someone at Global Ed , they are very helpful in advising students on what to do and what channel to follow.,In my experience u can p much do anything once u get permission but you’ll have to pay the difference if there is any. (PS Theres been posts b4 about changing routes)Mine is glass and it’s more like a fruit table centerpiece. You’re welcome to borrow it.,Anique Ahmad? (Baleegh Ahmad) ,Anel?,Shujaat MirzaNada Hatem didn't you go there last time?,Yes girl. They're great and you can get a haircut there.,BEST NEWS IVE HEARD ALL DAY also can we talk about why on earth there is such a big difference in price for the same cut,,I got a simple haircut there once and blow drying. it was quite great!,Yulia  Frolova,Oh well, Tanya, spoiler... do u wanna be the person to blame in case I do go and cut my hair after months growing it again?),Tayla McHardie,Praggya Ayshwarya leggoyeah but you gotta ask the security at wc to call the driver,Carlos Alberto Escobar,Aygul Sayapova if you’re still interesteddon't do it katie,MeNot emirati, but live in Dubai. guitars are love, 10/10 can store,I live in Dubai and I'm in AD over summer 1!Yup,Nope. I just talked to Kerry about it. I was enrolled into a colloquium, then switched to ODE.i want sweets as well 😏,Since Besart Çopa is doing this, I also lost my sunglasses. This is the only proper picture I had of em. I really loved them. Please help me find them.dad, pehle nyc abhi oman? kaafi travelling ho rahi hai,If you have an Indian or Pakistani passport its a different process I believe. Not sure about the e-visa process but we need an Omani sponsor. Just putting it out there in case you’re in the same boat that I was in.I have some! Still need it? ,i can give you $200,Wow... that’s an excellent solution to his problem,it learned from my friend charles the economist,Matthew Tan,Samridha Shrestha Got a couple of hundred that I'd love to exchange too. Pm meeee,Tom Abi Samra,I have $100I have not but I have taken a class with him so I can give you my opinion of his teaching style,Hi Omar, have you enrolled in this course?,YusefCan someone also livestream the event plsss 💜,Kirk Edward Mariano be our man? <3 ,I think Rene Dugan might be a useful person to talk to,Jess Castelyn is the direct contact for that,Thank you guys! 😊Fatima?,i do!! if you still need,but its like a pale green,Harshini Karunaratne ?,I don't have green,there's yarn in the arts center costume shop i betYes pls,no...,that joke is a no no,NYUAD Student Government?you dont have to submit it once you are enrolled,so lost help,financial aid office told me Ghita Benhayouneme,me ,Don’t Aathma 😂,Come on just help me out here.,Hania,Aathma, i'll PM you later, but I concur in the mood of these comments thus far,Hania  I thought we were done concurring,😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭,I love the positivity of these comments,Aman Pandey Laura Assanmal Peláez Sakshi Gala-testify,Aathma PM me,Kanchan is intense af and she is a really prominent political scientist but she is also the cutest. Would expect you to put a lot of effort and thought into her class but dont pass up an opportunity to learn from her,Hey hey! I'm taking a class with Kanchan Chandra this semester. It's a pretty intense class in terms of workload, and she's a pretty harsh grader. That being said, this is still one of the most rewarding classes I've taken so far. She's a fantastic lec...See More,^^^^^^,As someone who has struggled a lot with a class taught by her, as Siya said, I still think it’s 100% worth it. She will challenge you to make the most out of what you read, to speak up, and she will take no BS when it comes to your arguments/writing. Really tough grader, but she’s also very very invested in her students’ learning and really cares. PM if you want more details:),She’s tough as nails and takes no bullshit but I can recall stuff from her class like I took it yesterday and you’ll learn more from her then just about any other teacher on campus (IMHO).,I can only second everyone else. I am taking Multiethnic Democracy with her right now, and it's quite intense in terms of both workload and grading, but it's also super rewarding. In terms of workload: Every week you have between 3-5h (ca. 70-90pages, ...See More,Also, in terms of grading, she is harsh, as in no BS, but if you put effort into it, it's possible to do very well. Like she is not that type of teacher who generally refuses to give A's. Au contraire, she really wants to push everyone to bring them to the A, but you have to work for it.where are you going,Nothank you for your ground breaking research. You truly are an inspiration,Thank u for your compliment. I hope that this piece of valuable information can someday turn me into the well-versed cosmopolitan that they said I'd be,Emma lo llene, mejor q valga la pena, quiero mi nombre en el research paper, jajajjaa,Ryan Shamus Brown DO IT ,Claudia Neumann?,Not in for a good answer haha,Hahahhahahahahahah,force turn-off, emergency blow-dry on cold, let it spend the night submerged in rice to absorb moisture. Good luck :'(,Rice is the answer, did it and it worked!,Twice (shamefully). Do go the Apple store and have them take a look at it even if it still works.Me :DIt looks like Jovan's sock.,Most of my socks are vanilla socks, but not most vanilla socks are mine ;),How would it have gotten to A6B laundry room though? :P,I am still trying to construct a hypothesis...Yumi Gambrill,I have. Feel free to message me,Lucius Lambert,Veronika Mai,Simran Motiani,this snake Amina Bašić,ŠTA ? AMINA,Alia Ozair,Yupp I’m studying away in Madrid right now feel free to hit me up,Sneha,me, message anytime,Happy to chat, send me a message whenever!,Gauraang Biyani,Me, message whenever. MADRID IS THE BEST in case you were thinking of applyingI haven't, but I had a class with him and from the way he is, it's quite unlikely that he'll ask you to write it yourself.,He wrote mine ,Sure but tomorrow,Prajna SoniSakshi Gala,Archita,hiiiii!,Ayaan Ali Shah,arey issi se seekhenge,,Hello,Nandini Kochar,Hi hi,Madhav Juneja is who you are looking for.,Armaghan Khan,Ali Shazal expert kathak dancer,Mic Eliza, if not she'll learn in 30 minutes,Arthur De OliveiraYousra and a couple of LoA students compiled a database of students who'd be willing to help! Yousra, can you post the link?,Database?? o.o,Just a good ol' google sheet. A few of us have our leave info and contacts on it. Feel free to reach out to anyone here: https://docs.google.com/.../1KPc4cSzDMJqlHUNGkBwp.../edit...,Ghita?,Pranaav Parrth why the laughing emoji dammitIt's in A2-001Who dis guest ahh 😏,In Gramercy, yeah. Rather than get them a guest pass, check them in as an overnight guest. Occasionally check them out and back in again so it doesn't look like they've been staying for a week consecutively.,We had so many guests Bernice Delos Reyes Archita Arun Arianna Gayle Stucki,usually they don't care if you check them in every night. I've seen people having guests for almost a month,Adam AE Lol,OMG IM DEAD THAT WAS SUCH A GOOD SUMMER I WAS SQUATTING AT MONAS FOR SIX WEEKS STRAIGHT,Lol Adam AE teach me your ways,Do you have to have a valid NYU id? I’d like to do that but I’m worried my id would be deactivated after graduation,I didn't have housing in new york in the summer myself one time (Myera Rashid) but my card still worked after study abroad, so I literally swiped in on my own accord the entire summer. Try your luck!!,If the guest has a valid NYU ID (even if they aren't registered in NYU housing) then they can stay for sure. I don't know the policy on the limit for the number of days a non-NYU person would be able to stay.,Antony TahanThere is the community flea market this Friday at 10am.  Items that you’d like to give away will be collected at the East Forum on Thursday 4pm-8pm.Farah Shahbaz,Sobha Gadi,Faizan Haider,Yep,Woah,Me!,Did not know this..,Lolol well now you do,Enshu,Thomas Yates,Yep,Philo Wang,Sergey Shkurinsky,Alex Matters,Yup 🙂,nyuadrejects.com,Marcin Falis ,Mario Zapata?,Alex MattersCheck EDS ,Ibuprofen and Paracetamol with me in D2not yet. they said mid May in an email.,This is their response: "Thank you for reaching out to the Office of Residential Education. As we just concluded all our room selection process for the Fall 2018 Semester, our team has not made any assignments for the Summer 2018. We partner with var...See More,(for pptp) i'm getting that I need to be registered for a class on the application. Does that mean my pptp thing still hasn't come through properly or is the application just down?Behavioral Econ?,this is what was on our syllabus: Office hours: Tuesdays 3:00 to 5:00 PM (or by appointment)wasn't able to found those ones specifically but highly recommend that people scroll down to the earliest videos posted on student life,I think it's the one at [1][0] that's 4m10s!!,the one where jamie chugs milk?,I was able to find shit freshman say (NTN Episode 5) will send it to you in a bit,Thank you! Here's to hoping the others turn up :D,I've uploaded all the episodes of NTN, News@NYUAD and Cosmopolitan Conversation over here: https://drive.google.com/.../1ZcOF23t6E3pBAIUsqZBjQHqSbFT...,Never really can escape your past, can you? James Hoskentry https://www.wix.com/!,squarespace 100%,I highly recommend Behance to not only have your portfolio online but also look at other designers' portfolios, follow them, look at inspiration, etc. (it's sort of like  LinkedIn for designers).And if you're subscribed to Creative Cloud, I also recommend Adobe Portfolio; it's similar to Squarespace and you can directly import your Behance projects!,Weebly has worked great for me; clean designs and portability, and if you pay for the premium service, you can get their suffix removed.RaajaRaikundalia.weebly.com,WordPress is still the best if you ever want to personalize or rework it in the future!Charles,Uko chikala,Martin Smit,I have one but I need it today presumably for the same reason as you 😂 you're welcome to borrow it in the future though,Hahahaha yeah that was the reason. Thanks though!,i have, message me,ohh that was yesterday sorryHessa Bani Hammad,Romeno Wenogk Fernando,Ingie Baho,Ishani,Armaghan Khan,Asmaa Balfaqih,Hania Bar,Yeah, Saudi!,Sangeetha Mahadevan,Laurence Lewars?,Mahd,Ifadha Sifar,Larayb Abrar,Hatim Benhsain 3lach kayen Jazaer ou Tunis ou 7na lla,7it deja 3arfinna keynin,Aya you commented too, hypocrite,Bhrigu Bhatra,Reema Kaiali,Yeeeeah Bahrain!,I’ve lived in Egypt,,Ankita Sadarjoshi,From faculty, Erin K. Pettigrew does research in Mauritania and Nathalie Peutz did a lot in Yemen and Djibouti.,Shreya Shreeraman?,Reema Kaiali,Just realized you were tagged in this already,Official #bahrainrep,Hessa Bani Hammad,May Baho,Hessa Bani HammadYou can make one. Print at the library,Has this been done before?,Dina M. Saleh idk but I can see it being done,There's the red nyuad arts center thingy near entrance of c3 that people usually use as backdrop for pics, like when the pianist Seong-jin Cho came,Yes but that one says art center 🙈,Dina M. Saleh  but why do we need a backdrop when we can just take pics with your poster? <3,HAHAHAHAHAA babyyyyy,Cause we need to support our production house 🙈,I’m 100% sure the events department has oneQwaaaaaleety mem,Very approve,outdated meme,What if the treadmills are powered with green-produced electricityAs far as I know we don’t have a set limit, but it depends on what you need and most of the things that are not specified need to be allowed by the insurance company but I’ve never had an issue where they said I’ve reached a limit. It just depends what you request it for!,It does have a limit, double check for the specific amount but it is surely high,you can also have your doctor check (they are pretty good in it)- mine checked and I only realized how expensive she was once it was payed...,Yes, there is a limit and it is $270,000 for the insurance period.I have a hefty camping thermos, let me know.,i have oneee,I have a tea flaskDenta Care on Hamdan Street - Dr. Jose is the best!,Also covered by insurance,thanks!,hey wanna cab there together?,DONT GO WITHOUT ME thanks,I'm asking for someone else 🙂,Alex Fleming,Ridda ManzoorbumpShenuka Corea Lauren You,Tom Abi Samra,Nisala Saheed,Waleed A. Hashmi,You can pm me,I can sorta help,pls how do,Megan Eloise,Hello! Currently doing some freelance illustration work.Charlotte de Bekker Sheba Vohra Robson Beaudry Yi Yi Yeap,Check your inbox Dina!,Thank you Yi Yi Yeap!!,Much much appreciated!,I can send my paper and also the comments from Dale (who tore it apart lol) Who should I send to?,Can we keep these on a drive for all future film students too?,Thank you habaibiiiYup ,I think depends on the class. But for me, I don't have access to videos and class materials for that particular class for some reason. So i guess try to save if you can,Yes it very much depends on class.  I took FFM (financial markets) and FSA (statement analysis) last semester.  I still have the FFM recordings, but I don't even have access to FSA on NYU classes anymore.,I graduated and cannot access my Stern home account anymore ,kukkonen has a voice that can command ur entire existence. i had like one philosophical talk with him (never a class) and it was so entrancing listening to him. look up kukkonen for reviews on him here tho. there r a bunch i think?,He's the worst professor/teacher I've ever had, and that includes even elementary school. 0/10, would not recommend -- for the sake of your sanity do not ever take a course with him.,I haven't had a class with him but I've had many conversations with him and he is a great guy. He knows a lot about his field, he cares about students, and he is willing to help you out with what you need if you show interest. I can't see why it would ...See More,I took his colloquium Nature and Human Nature and really enjoyed it. Professor Kukkonen is a fair and helpful grader, and strikes a good balance between lecture and discussion. He's very flexible about deadlines as well. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him.,Alvaro Yañez lol,Thanks everyone! This really helped,I had two classes with him so far. I love him as a human being, he is an expert in philosophy of religion and Aristotle. He is a fair grader and very flexible about the deadlines as previously said. However, he is a bit disorganized and doesn't always convey his messages in a clear/straightforward way. Otherwise, he's a great professor! ,Different format bruh 😂,OMG WHEN IS IT DUE?Khalbinur Zhuman ?,Emily WangShantanu?,Sure, message me,Maha Toor,FaizanCarlos Alberto Escobar??,Matt has it. Or I can give you one.,matt finished the ones he had so can i get one off you?,Zoha Alvi sure,I also want one please!,me tooo,I'll check how many left I have.,Me toooooo pls,me tooo!!!,me too,yes pleaseeee,I want one tooo,Me tooo,Sorry guys, I don't have anymore..,same,The last sentence made my day,I want one too :(,I actually want the pin,Can i have one as well please?😇Michael would know ;),Nope...,034,32*,thanks this was really useful information for new york Flavia Cereceda May Baho,Happy birthday May Freaking BahoI think talking to your TA is your best option,If there is no attendance policy you can attend another recitation and just stay in sync for assignments and exams.we already have them..?,Yes,Kya bakwaas?,Bruh,Yes you will,Whether you will be funded is another story,maybe, engineering department removed engineering summer courses from this yearI have onelolll,Dhanya Baby,I took it home sorry :(,And I have the sequels in epub format 💃,Trailer drops Monday!,Brian PengAmr Ehab El-ashmouny how's your slang, dawg?,I invented the slang, dawg hahahaha,There are dozen arabic slangs, which one are you looking for,I pmed you!,What kind of portuguese slang? Portuguese language or from Portugal?,I can internet-slang in Brazilian Portuguese... in terms of speaking, good luck defining what "Portuguese slang"... Brazil has so many dialects... I can speak slang from my city, Salvador. Guillermo can do Recife-an slang. but I guess it's impossible to find a uniform, "Brazilian slang," since it varies a lot from region to region...,Vitoria Midori Ikeda ?,I can do some Brazilian slang but don't count on it. I'm from São Paulo if that's what you need,I can do Arabic slang!What do you mean?,Like, those games where you're locked in a room and you have to solve the clues to get out,So you're looking to play one or are you looking more like watch other people do an escape room,Peter Si,Was just gonna tag him hahaha #networking,Mateo Juvera Molina,Inkagames,Thanks!,I really like Alice is Dead.. it's not a traditional escape the room but give it a shot,You'll probably come across other ones on the website where you find alice is dead (the website is called newgrounds.com),Thank you!,Mobile game: Cube Escape series!!,Thanks!,Einas Alhamali No problem, just realized it also has website version;),Orrrrrr you could go with me to do a real life one ;),I prefer sitting on my lazy butt and doing it from home 😂,Take meeee,Or, you could wait for Mateo Juvera Molina's Capstone in May, which will be an Escape the Room :),The Submachine series by mateusz skutnik is a really good series. Also jayisgames.com has a really good archive for online escape games. I got addicted to them for a while through itLateefa StingrayA5 Desk 1154-BThe CDC does blind assessment of the applications. That means that when they are reviewing your app they do not know who you are or if you have got funding in previous years. If you want to get funding twice, you just need strong applications, each year is getting more and more competitive.,It's blind bas I think starting your year you only get 2 times in your 4 years so yemken a7san te save it ya adamm,I would say it depends on the opportunity itselfme, before dropping it,Me,Besart Çopa?,Anything with Prof. Peter Goodrich is amazing. He is a rockstar.Theyre just preparing you for the real world after graduation,Been near any strong magnets recently?Grace Huang,Grace Huang,Ethan David,You get out what you put in, I think. If this is your first IM class, it will be more time consuming but it was my first and I didn't struggle too much. Aaron makes himself available if you need help..,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.usually polluted? uncertain. Alia can confirm?,Lol Madaline McCluskey,Lol pretty "meh" but typically you get to your destination safely,https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QLnNvg2o4aw,yes,i, as an egyptian, have never seen this before, BUT I APPLAUD U FOR POSTING IT HERE😂,Sjur Hamre has excellent reviews for Egypt air.,Mediocre, it does the job. Nothing special or fancy. Everything is so average but prices are not competitive, go for it only if it is the cheapest option.,It’s Egyptian,Chal nikal,I had a good experience with EgyptAir; they were on time with departing/landing, and service was nice,Missed a flight due to EgyptAir :(,It’s okay except for this time they left us stranded at the airport for 13 hours Farida Adam,the pilot wasn't in the mood apparently😂,not joking btw,Lucas Davidenco,Honestly they were alright. I was just under the influence and decided to get off the plane at the wrong city. Oh and they lost my suitcase (again kind of my fault) but found it and shipped it to campus within 24 hours,It looks a little shady, but I got to my destination on time and that's what matters :),I’ve been on it many times. Usually nothing is that bad but on some occasions their customer services are horrible. So I would recommend it for short flights but not for long ones.audrey.travas@nyu.edu ,what day and time is it now?,Tuesday,Thursday: 2:40-5:20pm,i am seriously thinking of taking the class and it would be preferable if it was monday-wednesday,Would love 9 AM Mon Wed actually,how can we change that thoo,Maybe the more people email the head of Econ, the more likely something will change? Not sure.,are we enough so that we will do it? people have to join,Be quick though - once there's too many people enrolled in the class, they are less likely to change the timings (source: struggled with this 2 times with econ classes),Kevin Long Noll Nicholas Patas Raaja Raikundalia group email to the econ head to change to Mon Wed 9AM - 11:40AM?,I can’t do that. 😕 More like 10:25-13:05 Th Thurs or in Fall 2.,Kevin Long Noll Fall 2 would be good for the time I proposed or still not?,Where is this class???? Can’t find it on Albert,Under Business in Albert,Yohannes Nigatu i found it thank you!,I doubt switching to Fall 2 will work, it's a pre-requisite for FFM which is offered second part of every semester.,Yep also if Anisa is still teaching it she most likely wont be here for fall 2,The timing for this class is also coordinated with the Fall2 FFM class as most Econ majors would take them in the same term. So changing one class’s time may require changing the other, which I think is quite difficult. Maybe you guys can talk into adding a session?,Pr. Haefke told me he can’t do anything, but maybe once it’s full he might think of adding another session,Kevin Long Noll yeah that's what I thoguht he'd say... oh welll :( are you taking these two classes thou?,Kevin Long Noll I wanted the class but it got full. Maybe we can petition for another session for fall 1?,samego to sleep,huy,tulog na,hoy ano ba ha?,Hit me with that Modern Baseball,i have to know, what is math rock?From my experience cheap, on time, reliable and worth it. I only had direct and short flights with Jetstar but overall it was good.,thanks, really helpful. did the ticket/flight include paid meals (as in already paid meals)?,Nawal Aljaeedi no, you always had to pay extra either online or in the plane. Again, from my experience.,Really budget but I haven’t had any late arrivals or departures through Jetstar AUS/NZ but they weigh your carryon meticulously,oh I see, thank you so much XD,You could just ask me,Flown Jetstar sooooo many times, only had one bad experience flying melbourne-tokyo, something happened with their refuelling situation and they had to delay the flight, but they decided to board us on time anyways... So i went to sleep when the plane ...See More,Alright for short flights but they're very anal about carry on weight. No entertainment or food on board unless you buy some.,tbh more comfortable than any US airline, and way cheaper...would defs recommend.24/7,24 ساعةAlex Christian Hannah ?,Hi Hurbert, could you send an email to nyuad.stugov.elections@nyu.edu and we can have a staff member check that you’re on the voter roll?,Alex Matters will do that. Thanks.,literal interpretation of "my vote doesn't count",maybe you already voted and just want to get another shot at it (and trying to trick us to believe u :p)?they would give you a free replacement,as long as you show them your old ID they'll replace it for freeDaniel Rey?,He’s cool and the class was cool at least for a jterm! Don’t know how he structures his semester classesidk man,Albert is the default,(At least that's what the Registrar told me for a class I was wondering about for this spring, but do check with them if you want to.)Claire Louise,Mani Rehman Saad Sultan Waqar Younas Khan I’m more of an expert at not cleaning one tbh,Check the edit please,Roland is super experienced with fish 😅,I know a thing or two,why didnt u dm me bro,Check the edit,Tina Kim professional zebra fish handler,You overlook that they are my subjects not pets,dont ask Katie Sheng,Every ROR fish comment...,*we clean *we’ve had the fish,ill come over at 7 ish,Irina Trușina,Maybe it’s some form of algae and you’re exposing the tank to too much sunlight...?,I'll try putting them elsewhere,shook that you guys didn't ask me Nandini Kochar Gaurav Pande,Help expert,Clean the aquarium with salt. As in rub it with salt,Gayathri Satheesh,Liza Tait-BaileyShebi you should inform Public Safety as well; fill out the form they ask you to and leave a phone number so they can contact you if they see it! ,It's a worthy sacrifice,Was it though?,Bernice Delos Reyes,Go to EasyCare near Hankook, near al Wahda mall. Got mine fixed for 200aed.,Thank youuu!! :),hat wa7ed gdeed ashal, dah etfasha5,don't know about how competitive their prices are but they fixed my mac and phone in 48h: https://geeks.ae,3shan t3raf akhret el ta*rees we7sha bardo 😂 ,Just did yesterdayThe costume shop should have one,I believe it does, but you can double check. The costume shop has open hours from 3-5pm tomorrow!,I have a small one you can borrowI have one Mai Awamleh,Aravind Kumar,la bamba,Lauris Paegle Vyara Hristova,maluma in all songs and features,specific songs Melisa,Sanja Kastratovic,me rehuso,Jocilyn Estes Hala Aqel,Baby no,does Ylber Roka qualify as non-latino or not?,Neh,They change daily, but rn I really like 'Bonita- J Balvin, Nicky Jam -remix'.,Tumba la Casa, Krippy Kush,Noviembre Sin Ti,https://youtu.be/g-_9Bld7JYc 😍,Tabacco y chanel! Rafa Lino,Shin Won Kim can take my place for this piece lol,Waaat,Angieeeee i like any song that you like!,Fatih: reggaetton karmoso 12,La Bamba by Ritchie Valenz,https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jSKJQ18ZoIA,Yo no se mañana (latino song) and felices los cuatro,El swing de la propuesta,La flaca!!,Myera Rashid your time to shine,X - Nicky Jam & J Balvin,Herbert Crowther,https://youtu.be/csaUvkYOkLY,https://youtu.be/c5QfXjsoNe4,https://youtu.be/SJ1aTPM-dyE,Caroline Sullivan,https://youtu.be/TapXs54Ah3E (if that counts..),https://youtu.be/Xk0wdDTTPA0,Andres Calamaro - Te quiero Igual,Jerome Sajan Varghese,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlS6Ix7mA0w,Yasmin Al-Modhwahi,Yulia 🤦🏽‍♀️,Herbert Crowther,Tabaco y chanel,What a song,Rishav Sikaria,1. Puro Chantaje 2. Me Rehuso,Bodak Yellow Jigar,Guadalupe - jowell y randy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVwEujkiE6U,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuJppyvv-OU,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YIkurDaHpc,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUUrW7xJSw4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBqlJgCsec4,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niV3bHM3v44,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb0cO3ljTVM,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4QQzxfVVcw,La camisa negra :),https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKKeqlBQ3Js,btw hablando del traphttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSDbm37N-l0,Does this count https://youtu.be/_P7S2lKif-A,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQf2NPHCXzEPLEASE! ,They said within 15 business days starting on April 8th, so theoretically and hopefully by next ThursdayMusic equipment center sara..?Ali, Aiza.,Biswas Shrestha,What's up Abdul Kareem Kamran,Hello,Hi,HeyySimon MyungGun Seo Vuk Vuković?strange q I know,but important i promise,A6a printer,Printer in A5 next to classes? Idk but seems in the middle of nowhere,library 4th floor?,A5A printer maybe?,Its probably one of the most used printers actually,Nope, it’s used so much lol,C2 first floor printer?,good one,Printers on the first floors of A2/A5 after 5pm?,I feel you,A1 printers.Souq?,souq has really good deals if you look up closely,Leylam,And Sephora I believe!,Cult beauty,glamazle,Desertcart,Asos,glambox,Thanks guys!!Prince ,be thereArchita Arun?,not going directly and not going anytime soon(I’ll be there in june),Lenique Vincent?,Songyue Xu,Yes I will!,Besart ÇopaDude I thought we agreed that real heroes are only found on tennis courts,Clearly we were wrong,So touching,I cry everytim 😢,Wrote 1 good article and thinks he's a writer now,no please don't encourage people to start dryers for other people, i've had clothes ruined that wayJust dont...,Its for students who are in AEP onlyYou put in NYU! They use the same school codeAngieeeeeee u r going to egypt???? Angela Orozco,yess this summer :) :),If you don’t find anyone who is going directly there, I go to Embassies District twice a week!,if you are going to secure a visa of some sort i think you can easily get it upon arrivaldid our convo reminds you of this book? :p,Pm!not me,me :),i wanna pay backYou taking a film class? Is that some class trip deal? ;),I just want to learn how to make better explosive short films 😉,dudee pm,Fadi is SUCH A COOL GUY! He might be harsh in grading but he is super interesting and knowledgeable.,Producing is kinda different,Dina M. Saleh, Yulia Piskuliyska,no dont do that,Ooh why so?,I don’t think there’s a single film major who would recommend a class with said person. Yuting Karma Ilona Orsolya what say you?,I would not recommend,Tbh, he is good at producing. I've seen him talk circles around people and get them to agree with things they disagreed with five minutes before. He will teach you how to produce- and if you're good at it, he'll like you. Yes, he has an ego (he's a fil...See MoreI have it but I live in A5,No,Omg pranaav cant u just buy ur own popcorn,Lmao dude isn't this like the third time you've asked,I had some lmfaoJude Al Sharif?,Sadaf Habib,May,Joaquín Kunkel,Veronika,Nour,Gabriel Antonio Garcia Leyva,Adnan,Asmaa Balfaqih,my friend is subletting in brooklyn - pm me if you want contactCome pls,who are uOkoth Victor, you are more than welcome to question my claims the way I questioned yours - we can even discuss in person if you want? Please do not interpret this as me taunting you, I just believe that debate is necessary to show both sides of the coin and find the best option.Adele I very much appreciate your devotion. Nice to see that filmmaking is in good hands after we drop the mic on May 20th. Please guys, help her secure that spot in the course :D,Thanks, Roland, and your class has set the bar very high, so I hope we'll be able to keep up the good work :),Wow, diplomacy 10/10,Seriously, don't stress about it. If you're within like the first 5 people on the waitlist I can almost guarantee you'll get into any class. People switch so much before classes start and especially in add/drop. If you're still not enrolled by the seco...See More,Email Scandar! As a film major, you ARE entitled to a spot. (Currently struggling with the same situation for MENASA) Film courses are fun and should be open to everyone, but it’s important that actual film majors are able to take the courses we need t...See MoreIs this for turtle patrol,Alternatively u can easily borrow  them pretty much anyday from the library for 3 daysyou still can at IT, I did it recently,What OS are you on?,Windows,you can download one from nyu's website,IT gives Symantec Endpoint Protection for Windows, not the best though,Get malwarebytesi have one from last year, but idk if it will pass with deepak again,😂😩😭did nyuad crank up the air conditioner againorgsync says that it is Philip Panicker (philip.panicker@nyu.edu),Omg I've already told Shantanu before =_=,Shantanu it's  Philip PanickerRT,The kind of people I need in my life Rawan Dareer,skype her in next time pls!!,probably not someone who is asleep at 3am :p,1am*,are you serious can we play rn,Wow yusef only took you 4 months to make an ror postImmigration does have scans of our IDs.,Mubasher Iqbal,kya kiya bhai?,Lost it :(,woah really?,Chandan Mishra,Nadia Alhashmi,I lost mine last summer and got a new one in the fall. The usual process. They just need a photocopy of the original one. Which the immigration has as well.,Kar diya kand Pranav Mehta ,Do you plan on making another Facebook?,Curious to see how beholden to Supreme Overlord Mk. Z we really are, and how viable an alternative to Facebook groups would be. As it stands, I think the level of discussion, important updates etc that get communicated via these groups severely disadvantages students who don't have a Facebook account.,Hmmm...unless you're thinking of Google groups using our nyu email accounts, no other platform would be able to outdo Facebook in terms of reach. I just checked my class group and we have 351 members. Our class size is ~370, so that's almost everyone.,Only reason I check it daily anyway (other than procrastination etc.), I would also come back for things like UWC Facebook groups and other organizations I've been a part of, and I guess I'd have to find a new source of news lol (embarrased),Don't forget about confessions and crushes and compliments ,yep!,just tell your supervisor,Perfect, thanks!,you'll receive the joy of getting double paid next month,wow nick procrastinating even you're getting paid?,Yeah mine is gone through like 3 months later,Claire Louise,lol i submit mine in batches of 3 or 4 months and get paidWilliam Leighton Dawson,https://drive.google.com/folderview... hope this helps :),these look promising! thanks,Anita Shishani,Tuleen Sihabi? ,dude Qutaiba Seyed Rodrigo and I got a pretty cool and affordable yacht trip last wknd and i remember seeing jetski offered by the same guy/company. Maybe one of them has the guy’s number? He might give you a discount through us. This is the Mangroves Corniche (Anantara Hotel) on the way to the Mosque,mina behind the fish market,Mina port,Zain Mustafa,Q tan sheep?,Sohail the man himselfhello, i do! PM:)https://docs.google.com/.../11Cl0.../edit...Highly recommended, she is the greatest. Absolutely love her class and the way she teaches. Great and valuable out of class mentor too. The curve for her class is very very high though..,Agreed completely. Very engaging and explains the material so well. Wonderful and sweet person outside of class too!,Great Professor!!!,Completely agree),10/10,Took intro to accounting with her, would definitely recommend Jensen Wilay,The best best best!!! love her and sass!,Hanh Van Nguyen from her outfit alone 12/10,Yasss hahahaha,She is also a designer, guys. And her sketches are stunning!,shes a meme,YOU DONT GO HERE CHUB,:(,The class is pretty intense, but you will learn alot. She is a nice person in a way that she will allow you a second chance for a cumulative Final in case you are not satisfied with your Midterm. Also, try to pay attention in class (or at least pretend to)! She knows it when she loses you, and will not hesitate to call you out of the blue to repeat exactly what she just says.,Nour Ahmed hh,She is a great professor, but at least for our year, her exams had a tendency to cover slightly beyond what she would teach in class, and as far as my impression was, nobody was satisfied with their midterm grade. This being said, she did curve at the end and the distribution became a lot fairer. She made accounting as interesting as it could get. ,I can have cookies anyway ya thanks,yo if u still need a baking tray i have twoI don't know if this is a new thing, but I am counting 3 from my study away 2 years ago without issue, as far as I know,I talked to Scandar and Wendy about it last year (for my current semester away) and Scandar said only 2 can count. But, Wendy is the head of the dept now (I think) so it may have changed.LuuuuuuliiiiiiiiiiI am!,Keziah Johnson,I am😉,Julia  Tymoshenko,Irina Trușina what about Arabic? )))),Idi guleai :)))),dropp dropp ? :D,Thoughts on the class in terms of workload and grades?,Reema KaialiKarma Dolma GurungAnthony Luis B. Chua,hi tom. how are you?,hi anthony. im good and you?,Mia Mancuso,it was a light workload when i took it, in part because it was the first time it was being taught and the syllabus needed tweaking. i don't remember there being more than fifty pages per assigned reading, and sometimes we would not have more than an online article to read. there was a presentation at the end of the semester, but that was low pressure,😂 thanks dude, but how many assigned readings are there? Anything more than 10 pages is heavy for me...,Vince Nguyen i think any readings that were more than ten pages were novels. except two of them; they were sciencey books disguised as novels,Nah,Best class ever. Shady is fun. If you like bio or science in general you would like the class. I have the syllabus if you want it,coolll, can you send it to me vtn238,The professor’s name sounds a little shady,,Laura Karpauskaite,I thought the class was good. Shady is a fair grader, and the workload is manageable (took it with FoS 3/4). The content is pretty interesting which makes the work easier to do.OMG YES. sh4370. 100-120. Intermediate.,Beginner, 50 Aed.,Wait why did you catch our attentionhjt247, absolutely no experience,Cause you answered,More so you read it - its dont think of an orange paradox,sj2538, intermediate,I can play glow in the dark Minigolf; advanced,wz846 intermediate,Takumi Miyawaki,hyl392 beginner any$,Stephanie Lim,Is it this semester or next Anita Duskova,Next,Anita Duskova Then, yes mt3332 (intermediate?),Skl428 advanced any$,^4 year varsity, state champion,Wesley - thank you! You just made sure I don't exceptionally embarrass myself next semester - really appreciated.,Sk5406 intermediate,😢 😢 the good old daysa,oag229 beginner/intermediate 80,The good old days when we didnt have to pay Ali Abou El Atta,Please dont make us more jealous...,Rishav Sikaria,rs6061, beginner. (50-100 AED),sam1119 100aed 🍻🍻,Dg2798. absolutely no experience.,sg5189 beginner 50-100AED,yp1026 beginner,jfa298 intermediate,Anita Duskova are the sessions lessons or rounds on a course???,"supervised practices" (we are not allowed to pay for lessons with the SIG budget) - rounds on the course would be too expensive. Though we just started discussing the price/product - we wanted to know who was interested and what would be the max. price range...,Krisztian Keszocze,gt993 beginner,tct277 beginner,Beginner -100aed,mmb774 - 100 aed - beginner,hsc351 advanced 200aed,Wjc355 beginner 100AED,sfz219 beginner,maj524 - beginner - 100 aed,mi970 beginner,um339 Beginner (100 AED),Pp1777 beginner-100 AED,kad615 - intermediate - 100dhs,do we get to use the little cars? If yes, xz2043,That would be another 100 AED,Kk3505 - AED100 beginner,sj2467 beginner 100,Ham422, beginner 50,Rb3598,50 AED,Takumi Miyawaki,es4551 AED 100 beginner,Swb300, beginner,How much would you be willing to copay?,Osp213, beginner,How much would you be willing to copay?,vv705, beginner,How much would you be willing to copay?,Mj1747, beginner AED 100,mhc435 beginner 80,ykl285 beginner 80,saa556 beginner 100Karolis Degutis still have the picnic blanket :D ??,Kyler, I think I have one. PMThe registration code is 52784yo,Анастасия Зубарева,Talk to me, Rabiya Imran, please :))),Me,Hi, I am,Me,My mentor reeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaally discouraged me from it - though that is because philosophy and pol scie have different expectations each...,Thank you so much guys!Oscar Emilio Bueso Asfura Is the ticket still available?,YOu made it in the end Matilda ♥️D2 should be open nowLateefa StingrayProbably the optometrist,Getting too wild Danny Guo,The St. Regis security took all of the items that were left at the event. Contact them to see if they have your glasses. I don't think she hhas a UAE number,Hi bb I’m hereim going on the 15th of may if that's early enough,Alvaro Yañez,  I believe 😊 ,Apply for a student visa as normal and they will cancel your tourist visa with a big red stamp when you go for the interview.,Not possible. That's the simple answer. You need to apply for a new visa if you want to go in as a student,A US citizen can switch visa type electronically/automatically (when processed by the team at NYU) without the need to exit and reenter the country,Wait, why would a US citizen need a visa in the first place?,You don't but it's a free 'visa on arrival' which is de-facto visa-free 30 day stay that can be processed through a smartgate, and this can be converted into the student residency permit type,They wont cancel your tourist visa but u will get a new us visa. Im the guy who holds both f1 and b1/b2 visas.,Thanks guyss!!,Also, ur F1 visa is contingent on ur i-20. Since there was no i-20 connected to ur b1/b2 visa, I would assume you would have to open a new visa.Renta un carro, no una cámara,Vende un parlante y te compras una camaraMuchaxha! Dicen que las copas knockean... dicen,yo tengo una -403 80 lafno, ResEd said it happens sometimes and doesn't, but u dont need itPm,Mewhen should we hear back about the one that was due April 10th??,Sara Al KharrazRaunak Shrestha,You can PM me. ,take why it so hard to do good w me,is it an easy class?,Bernice Delos Reyes ?,weird phrasing but like u know,do property with me,so easyDon’t take it, just don’t,Soohyun  Peutz raaaaaveees about Dawn Chatty! I’m taking itNot really engaging with her lectures, but has good notes and explains things well. Easy grader, sweet person.,Sobha speaks the truth.,Easy grader, super nice and would sit down and discuss arguments in your essay with you for hours. Always get your point and lead you in the right direction. Very few prof can do this. She is soooooo niccceeee. Her notes are useful even for other classes. So keep it.,FOMST by definition is not going to the most engaging class but she’s wonderful and I enjoyed the class with her!,Excellent professor, you will learn a lot,I can send you the syllabus if you want,Yes please!!!,She's great! FOMST is not the most exciting class but Elizabeth really tries to make it understandable and fun. Also if Saba is the TA you'll be in good hands.,She is terrific! Highly recommend!DIBS,Cathy Chiang?,Thais Thomas,whyyyHannah Melville-Rea?,Shunya Watanabe,Kate Melville-Rea,Takumi Miyawaki,Misa Morikawa,Angela Squillacioti,Ella Noll,Shunya Watanabe,Motoi Oyane,Ken Iiyoshi,Nina Bambysheva лол,Shunya Watanabe Hottest Japanese on campus,Titas Gerybapm’ed you!Nandini Kochar,Me,I’m taking a cab with other people,i pm’ed you!,Metalk to someone at the info desk they can look up and tell you what's it for,I talked to them and sent me back to Academic Technology Centre where I was treated like shit 😢,they didn't tell you what the charge is for?,I think it's just an initiative to create awareness over library stuff,You didn't get emails about it ? ,Didn't get that Studio X discount? Hahahaha Isabella?,Perfect timing -- I have one and I'm about to use it! :D PM me if you still need it!,Got ittt. Thanks tho ❤again?,it's for a class,ok tell yourself that,@missvanjie,Can I actually please get some if you find any? The stronger the line the better. ...For capstoneXxWat,Philosophy of quantum mechanicsChandan Mishra,I worked there last fall.Novels That Changed the World, Art in the Narrative of Science (I THINK that's what it's called), Literary Translation, One Thousand and One Nights, Our Monsters Ourselves, Utopias and Dystopias. There might be more but these are on my mind right now.,Art of Narrative Science taught by Charles Siebert,Don't forget Literary Interpretation with Shamoon Zamir Einas Alhamali,Ta3ali take migration w me,ha structures of thought and society?,la colloquim i think,Global Shakespeare as well,It's by Cyrus Patell,Writing and questioning the self is taught by jill magi,On violence with Toral Gajarawala,Doubles and Masks in the spring Yep5no,nono,cerote,I probably have one,Trying to make a fashion statement?,learned from the best,Might have one. Will check later and let you know,thanks!!,Pero tú eres elegante?,Sebastián you forgot to ask for some fake hair, you dont want that spot to ruin your outfit 😉Dina M. Saleh,Falasttini ‘Kohh’ hehe shameless advertising,Ruobing Zhao,Asmaa,Where Do We Go Now? (2011) :),Caramel 2007,Decor 2014,Wadjda 2012,When Monalisa Smiled 2012,SHAMELESS ADVERTISEMENT,Following,Thanx friends <3,678.Super chill, light workload, insightful and sweet professor, but can be very boring and lecture-based, especially when discussing readings.,Leanne Soriano Talavera,Very understanding and accommodating. Her class is honestly one of the chillest classes I've taken so far. Lectures aren't too interesting, though.Press the power button twice and turn it off?,I do and it turns back on after like 5 seconds -_-,Set the temperature high and then set it to “off”. It won’t turn back on unless it gets really hot,Doesn't it stop if you open the window by a small amount.,The AC has 3 options: always on(sun symbol), turns on and off periodically (moon symbol), and always off (off symbol). Perhaps yours is on the 2nd? You can change it with the upper left button.How big,I have a 45 litre oneAreeb Arshad,I heard StuGov still has 4 tickets to sell.Cristian Muñoz?,Rodrigo Ferreirapls help this poor soul,Or one ticket?? 😌 ,Followin',Oh I didn’t know he was coming back again! I loved his class, I took Immigration, Ethnicity, and Public Policy with him for 7 weeks. I don’t feel like the workload was too heavy, he’s a decently engaging lecturer, I felt like he graded me fairly, and t...See More,Thanks for this! He’s teaching a core this time! It’s called Urbanization and Development. He seems to be really accomplished!,i freaked out when i saw that hes teaching at nyuad, ive used his research on urban/ethnic aspects of migration so many timesss, he is basically one of the fathers of contemporary migration studies. take it tamtooma!!,he's katkook wallah,Great professor and fair grader. Though, lectures can get a bit too dry. Material wise, nothing too hard but it can also be long and dry. All in all, interesting stuff and very interesting professor, would recommend. ,Sofia I’ll bake WITH you!,I’ve never baked in my life before, but I wanna bake tooo,make my banana pudding in my memory Miha,didnt tag Alia because she has too much on her plate and is being mature for once,Lucas Davidenco it's time to show off our baking skills,Shin Won Kimnyuad@ntravel.ae,Or just come to their office and they will do it in 15 minBernice Delos Reyes Miren Aguirre Salazar Angela Orozco,Data Analysis with Andy Harris was challenging for me as i didnt have a strong quantitative background, but he is very helpful, and has a great sense of humour. Having some knowledge of R and applied statistics will come in very helpful, I'd highly recommend.I had her for jterm... pm Shin Won Kim Mia Mancuso lol,feel free to pm - taken 2 classes w her, including this,heyy, could u possibly send me the syllabus for the class please? xD thanks,I survived her War class! feel free to pm! :D,Emma Chiu ha ha,JAJAJAJAJ many many experiences pm,Thanks everyone!,I love herMiren Aguirre Salazar?,Don't know her office but this is her email xxj1@nyu.edu,A6 139,Thanks guys!Ruby's near Al Wahda,H D Barbershop3051 Dorr St, Toledo, OH 43607...See MoreHi yeah you can pm me,Come to reading the earth habibti,Bernice Delos Reyes Reema Kaiali best class. Feel free to pm me 🙂,Sergiy Stupak,Bernice Delos Reyes - would you mind sending me the syllabus? :)I’ll take itTry library if this isn’t resolved yet!,Yasmin Al-ModhwahiUll be drowning in reading,Deena Abubaker but it wont kill you so it isnt a good idea,Kind of,YesYep I do!Kristina Stanković,1 ticket left !no,not helping my stress levels rn,They have offices behind Baraha right? I'd advise you to go there in person tomorrow morning (not sure about the offices part though but I guess the offices must be somewhere),Thank you!,Lenah the finance office is next to Public Safety, 1st floor A4 (East Administration). Ask for Anam Khan.,I can lend u $2500 if u want,U can’t even lend me 20 dirhams a few hours ago,sorry bro you needed AED but all my money is in USD 😎💵😎💵😎💵,Email nyuad.studentfinance@nyu.edu, also they have offices in A4 but I don't think anyone would be there after 5 PM,How can you check your Bursar Account?,did it get resolved? I somehow have it too.Following,I think you can just go ask him directly, he's super nice he'll tell you all about the course.Good thoughts,honestly i wish that u can post a serious comment once in your life😂😂,That too is a good thought,He's new,el professor gedeed yasta first time to teach next semester,He taught at NYU Shanghai three years ago. I'm not sure about all the classes, but he was a recitation leader for Global Perspective on Society, and as such only had to focus on facilitating discussions and further explaining the material covered in class. He was pretty good at it, but it wasn't anything legal studies related so I'm not sure if it helps :)Matilde Handal Rabaj ;),Sree Rag?Dr. Bejoy at NMC Specialty Hospital.,definitely Dr Bejoy.,Dr. Mary Koshi at NMC Specialty Hospital,Aathma Nirmala Dious,Highly recommend her as well,Burjeel Hospital, I am going on Monday, if you need a ride,What time? Thank you!,Thank you all guys!,Sion Hau,SaloteFiras Ashraf Max B. Eckert Dylan Palladino good ol times with grandpa uli,Shanzey Altaf,hey so, Uli is a very sweet old man, and google him apparently he was the shit in Yale. i learn a lot from him talking to him one on one, he's got some pretty g wisdom. however, when he taught this class last semester i felt it was very unorganized, an...See More,muchas gracias chica,Claudia Neumann Abda Kazemi Shanzey Altaf,I am taking this class only because I want to be bff's with Uli tbh,he is the grandpa i wish i had tbh,HE IS MY GERMAN GRANDPA REINCARNATED I SWEAR,I loved it!,did you take it last sem? what made you love it? :),Seoyoung Lee,This is such a nice class. He is awesome, you will learn about different education systems and about philosophy of education. The final assignment, if you take it seriously, and if you are into education, can be one of the most engaging assignments you...See More,Anushka Upadhyayidea scale is your platform...,The thing about booking through an agent is that you’re not allowed to make changes directly with the airlines, everything must go through an agent. So I guess so long Nirvana books the ticket in the first place were stuck,ok, thanks for the info. I though it could be done, but yea, I just called the airline and they said exactly the same thing,When i was at school it was because Global Ed wanted final approval... so you have 2 gatekeepers,Are you saying you have a problem with corporations making unreasonable profits at your expense?,Sometimes if you contact the customer service of the airline and ask them to help you book a change (and just don't say anything about the travel agent), they'll manually do it for you - and then when Nirvana complains that you broke the policy and you...See More,You’re so smart I can’t even 😏,Didn’t work with Lufthansa,I changed my flight once directly through the airline. Nirvana never complained.,I used the KLM app to change my flight from Nirvana twice with no issues,Maybe suggest changing an agency because back in the #Samadays we worked with Omeir travel and their fees were SOOOOO much cheaper. :)if it’s cool i’m taking it w ubls,BlsAbdullah Zameek Jonathan Lee,Adam Sherif,Alia Ali ElKattan,Hazem Ibrahim,dont know about a professor, but Peter Si is a blockchain expert,Lujain Ibrahim,I'm gonna ban you from this group,pls do,Rasa Karapandza,where is this person from,Serbia,I only know Christian Grewell at NYU Shanghai.. his response rate isn't great but you can try.. gamed awiiii w beysa3ed bas law 3abarak christian@nyu.edu,Kai-Erik Jensen?,Peter Si,Maybe Peter might know?,Peter > any professor,,Aslo mesh katb ketab dah 3ashan kemeyet el posts er7amna shwaya,ana lesany 3agaz 3n el t3beer el sra7a, ana atrok el klma le a5oya we she2ee2y Firas Atwa etfaddal 5od mwqf,metgama3een 3and el naby,Rasa Karapandza (rk1253@nyu.edu),Christina Poeper, CS faculty, her research is on Cybersecurity and Blockchain is one of the fields she has worked on,Guyu Fan Raluca Georgia ,Hatim Benhsain,Only if potatoes r involved,whatt is this v interesting,Dude you gonna make me egg fry rice if I sign up?,AliAreeb,AHAHAHHAA,"Other goods" sounds sketchy af,👍,zw1402,Vyara Hristova Lauris Paegle HAHAHAHAHA,we should continue when we go back to ad,fhdjsbflksdk pls no,nk2391 Cece Kim,this isn’t me this is nikohl (Lucas Davidenco),a SIG about our child,ec3360,Shout out to Berwin Gan for being my literal soulmate,Christos Zoukos ta kalitera tha xaseis,Gamwto ti pathame,Melisa Demirović don't you have that already in BA?,Ivona Feldmárová 🥚Liene Magdalēna?,Singular Drama ,Resolvedd,[RESOLVED]Arab Music Cultures will be available only in Fall. I'm taking a class called Listening to Islam (anthropology course but also a music elective) which is thought by a visiting prof from NYC who may come next year or the one after in Spring. Also, we might have a new professor who will teach something related to Arab music but not sure though...Following,Daniel Rey Sadaf Habib Archita Arun thoughts?,Honestly no, I actually am glad I took them both at the same time. Both are time consuming yes, but it’s nice to learn the things you learn in each class at the same time. If other theater majors are taking both as well, it’s a good way to keep seeing these people and be able to collaborate more together. Pm for more deets,Ana Karneža,so, personally, I would suggest that you take them both separately. Many of us are taking it together bc of study away reasons and I do feel like the classes complement each other very well. However, if you have the option, I would advice that you take...See Morespace,HOW chill is it,Gladys Tarisai Mwedzi pretty chill,digital curation is pretty chill,if digital curation is one of these then take ittttttt (easy A but u learn nothing lol),hahahah cmon we learned how to make a webpage,thats what l am looking for,Please take Seven Wonders of the Invisible World with meeee,is it CHIIIILLLLLL,can i,Words?  Lujain Ibrahim Alexander MacKay,lol,Easy grader?, readings are not much?,Art of Narrative Science for CADT, Seven Wonders of the Invisible World for CDAD!,Irina is Digital Curative challenging for some of us who aren't computer smart?Yulia maybe your friend has one ;),i have oneHe taught J-term class before (Economic Rationality). He knows a lot and wants students to understand what he is talking about. I am not a big fan of his teaching style -  he was a bit disorganized - but it wasn't a bad class overall. Super easy A. We had a midterm during J-term and he never even gave the exams back. Just said that everyone did great :D,Like Mia, I took Economic Rationality and Behavior this J term. He's super knowledgeable and a really nice guy. It was his second time teaching this course so I didn't think it was disorganized. He was very ambitious about what he wanted to cover durin...See MoreYes, you do, I was 13th last year for two of the courses I wanted and I got them! Wait for enrolment for non-Stern people to open 🙂,Wilson Hsu,Giulia Turchetti How do we enroll when non-Stern enrollment starts? Is it an automatic process?,ok i dont know what kind of sorcery is this but i just got enrolled in the classes i wanted and the enrolment for nonstern kids is not even open yet ,I can do it!,Is this pen/paper or spreadsheets?,Hi Andrés López Schrader, you'll be doing this through an interface that looks like this. The green boxes are what you'd be drawing if you were labeling row titles for example.,I can! Same question ^,I can!,I can!,Kamilya Issaliyeva get that money.,have to say nice poster design,😂 Microsoft Word.Nope,ADISL Awards,What dat,Abu Dhabi Inter-university Sports League,There also seemed to be a campus tour around lunch time,Roots and ShootsAhmad,Maria Alkhaja,Aisha Al Dhaheri,Sudikchya Shrestha,Let it die,SERRA!!!!!!!! 😠😠😠,Haden, you’re such a good hearted person. You inspire me everyday,I hope it was put out of its misery,eat it,You’d eat anything wouldn’t you,It's hard to remove the feather,Cats seemed hungry,PM me!! I know how to helpEngineering design studio 😉,Do you still need it? ,If youre a psych or biomajor, you'll be familiar with a lot of the concepts, as its on an introductory level.,Such a chill courseIs this still available?jigar MEEEE,Mounir KhaledI still haven’t done that either and semi-refuse. Let’s argue for sth else to be offered in the spring? If you can afford that time wiseIsn't A6B 510 a girls' room?,no.Melina Platas is one of the best Poli Sci profs I've had so far. The readings she assigned for Comparative were some of the most important works in the discipline, you'll need them in the future. As a grader, she is fair pushing towards chill; lectures - efficient mix between material and discussion.,Ditto on Melina’s class! 👍🏼👍🏼Lol trying for chances againresearch design and causality in social sciences, chill and useful,We can be building Social Networks together if you want? Literally the only thing that fits my schedule, though Data Analysis and Survey Research look cool...I dont know about peacebuilding specifically but michael is a bit weird — he knows a lot about what he’s teaching and is passionate about the topic, although bc he’s a bit awkward the class discussions dont really flow. But the fact that im taking is c...See More,I took United Nations with him and he was a pretty chill grader and classes were also relaxed. He wasn't strict about the readings either. Alexis Mountcastle Aravind KumarWahib KamranMaximus NobesNavya Suri,Lenah Ankliss Lulu Zakia,Serra you are fucking awesome. Will nominate for Campus life leadership 💓,Bebek is so nice as well!,Dayum,Ji Young Kim,You are such a cutie ❤️,Rishav Sikaria,Wahib, Aizaz, Muhammad Anas, Maira, Alizeh, Mohammed,Maira, Baig, Ansari, Anas, Anas, Amna, Alizeh, Wahib,Cecilia Figueroa Arrivillaga Ji Young Kim additional advice!😊,Abdul Kareem Kamran,Smrithi Nair,Oh My Gawd I love you Serra 😂this post is giving life 💕,Aasna,I would agree with the recommendation of Karakoy and Kadikoy, simply best neighbourhoods in Istanbul in all aspects! :),Bianka Selmeci,This is amazing thank you so much Serra!,Yaereen Dho,Lulu Lenah,Thanks Serra😍❤️,Don't forget the princes islands!,Carlos Alberto Escobar,Would add that Karakoy is an awesome place to stay at cause it's in the center of everything and there's a ton of hipster coffeeshops with awesome breakfasts.And on the kinda more touristy side Pierre Loti cafe is imo a must go. It's a cafe on top of ...See More,Haewon Yoon,Alex Fleming,Kaashif Hajee maybe you should credit the person who inspired your article? https://spoonuniversity.com/.../the-asian-side-of...,Wish we’d had this a few years earlier!! Throwing in some extra music recs:- Peyote: amazing grunge vibe club off Istiklal with a live music floor (tends to be local punk/garage) and a dance floor with regular drum and bass nights. Full of local uni ...See More,Ghena HaikalME PLS,ME,I can do that as well!! 🙂,Nandini Kochar,Awesome! Thanks so much guys ❤ Feel free to write to Saba directly.sabanajeeb@gmail.com,Me please,I know Saba and I would love to!,Rama Alhariri,Kevin Long Noll,Me pls. kln289,Firas Ashraf dammit why are we off campus,ME rr2830mo1414, violin,Youssef Azzam Motoi Oyane be faithful,Dino Kolonić ne znam je li isto keyboard i klavir lol,why did you like your own post?,Te extraño 😢,ya824, Drums,Vocals kms812 🙂,jyk520 🎷,Nurpeiis Baimukan,Alberto Castillo is very confident with his instrument.,i could sing in spanish ... i think,Kcm411, trumpet!,Leo Sax,Mic Eliza,Gabrielle Branche Hatim Benhsain Nurpeiis Baimukan Gaurav Pande Daniella Aruina,Aaliyah JacksonYES you go girl ♥️,<3 <3 <3,PM'd,talk to Rend Beiruti as well, I know stugov worked a lot on this last year!I don't know how often they change it, but two days ago it was 46786there is a whole class dedicated to the intersection of computer science with social science called "Technology and Economic Development" by Professor Yaw Nyarko, the head of NYU Center of Technology and Economic Development,I would say Big Data + Machine Learning https://blogs.worldbank.org/.../how-can-machine-learning...,Politics of Code (IM class from the fall) is all about looking into the political and social implications of software/tech. You (or your friend) can check out the syllabus for a full list of the topics we discussed + the readings. ...See More,also, if your friend's more interested in tech policy, or politics & the internet, this is a good list to check out: https://www.google.com/policyfellowship/hosts.html,Alia Ali ElKattan thank you, super helpful!,Arc GIS motivated research, to Prashant Sharma point, big data + machine learning x1000, artificial intelligence/ drone/ cyber security policy,Cyberpolitics in International Relations is a recently growing field, there are a few books in the library about it and relevant issues. In one of my classes, I did some research on cybersecurity in South Korea, in regards to the continuous cyberattacks and hacking by North Korea and their implications.,Natural alnguage processing is used quite a bit in Political campains. + Machen learning in general and python in research for analyzing data setsyo tengo la respuesta de tu aplicacion,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hi sy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,Please help this guy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,Please help the poor army guy!!,please let this man have a class!,What a guy,Yes! Why do they have two recitations during the same time?? There's no choice! xm446Definitely the best math professor I’ve had at NYUAD (out of Camia, Paparella, and him). His exams and quizzes are fair relative to classwork/homework. He can be difficult to follow in class, but he at least tries to make class entertaining.,I took MVC with him and he is super chill. He teaches stuff pretty well but can sometimes get confused.  Pretty chill on homeworks and grading. His exams are almost exactly the same as the practice papers he gives, so it's an easy A. He is a very nice ...See More,Voice of an angel,Very nice guy! Sometimes it is hard to follow him in class but he is really helpful during office hours.,Esmie Papadimitriou,Taking stats with him, he’s great!,Mohammed Baig,he's my advisor, I took 2 classes, started a capstone with him ... I love the man, probs the nicest prof in that department (after Ilya oc) #habibigandolfi,het let us use wolfram and alpha on our calc final,omg thanks guys. Now I can sleep at night.,You shall not pass.Ivory Lee Cora Yue Mao Yao Xuwtf... they took it of the SP. email Bryan Waterman then and ask him to to put it back.Bookstore,Nothing is for freeYes!,Me me,Me please :),Me please! Thank you for offering this ❤️,yes please I love my mom to the moon and back <3 <3 <3 and thank youuu,Meeee!!!!,me please :),Me please,Meeeee 😍,Nada ✋🏾 Me please,interested!,Meeeeeee,Totally me, plz plz plz,Me,Me,Mee,Yeesss pleaaasseee,if you're still free, I'd love this!,Me too please!,Me!,nn965[Update]; PAM HAS 15 SPOTS ON THE GLOBAL VILLAGE BUS. if anyone feels like going, meet at Welcome Center @ 2:30pm ~ free transport available. 😁,Qutaiba Al-NuaimyGabrielle Branche,Not Berlin,Nathalie Kozak,Reema yalla visit,Ash Raf,Yeah totally!,Toma Pavlov,I know someone!,A friend is coming this Friday,Al Reem Al Hosani,Coming back from Berlin to AD on morning of march 19th, will be in Berlin from 17-18th. Pm me.,Jaisal,Thank you all! I think it's resolved but will keep you in mind if it doesn't work out to those I didn't contactHey!Is one drop enoughi do:)following Cece Kim Ivona Feldmárová,Thirangie Jayatilake,Jessica Molina Sara Alanis Saenz Dhruvi Joshi Fatema Al Fardan,following,Maahir Ur Rahman any recommendations?,Honestly depends on what sort of places you'll be staying at and eating from.On average, you could probably eat out for like Rs 500-2000 rupees per person for a meal. Could be less or more depending on the restaurant. Transportation depends on the what you're using. Trains and buses will be between 50-500 rupees, while trishaws and cabs will be considerably more. Wouldn't really recommend carrying large amounts of money around. I'd reckon around Rs 10,000 - 15,000 would be enough. You'd definitely find ATMs around those areas, especially in Colombo. Definitely wouldn't be a problem there. When it comes to taxis, be sure to negotiate a rate before hand, and if it's a trishaw/three-wheeler check that it has a meter.,I think Abdullah gives a pretty good estimate. 10-15k works pretty well, especially if you're planning on going to the areas away from the capital, which means food, lodging is usually cheaper. While ATMs are quite common in Colombo, the capital, it isn't as much in the other places(aside from big cities) where you'll probably spend most of your time. Budget well, and you could get by with 15k but keep some extra cash in hand just in case.Managing to find a driver before hand, or negotiating one to drive you around for that week would be the most cost efficient option if you're traveling in a group.I know this has been said before but plan your trip well, Sri Lanka isn't doing badly but some places are a no-go.,went last year, needed around 500-600 a meal on most days unless we tried a fancier place, can't say anything about transport because we had a rented a car,around 25-30k if you are hiring a driver and paying for hotels, if not then carry around 20k just to be safe,Thanks!https://www.macworld.co.uk/.../how-set-any-song-as-your.../Ayaan Ali Shah ;),Rishav Sikaria ??Help my sis stay warm plz,Egle I have exactly this kind of jacket; for Strasbourg, which is gonna be around 10 degrees during the day next week, should be fine enough:)Me?,Will dm 😊Maya Adams,Okoth Victor,hi,Andrew Callender Stjepan Klinar do u kno de wey,Oh yeah. Do pm me Jason Tao, and we'll talk about it.Claudia Neumann,Does politicized education count?,PM!,In Honduras, one of the biggest issues in the public education system is the lack of professionalism in part of the teachers. Many times, schools get only 120-150 days of school a year (out of the required 200 days) due to the fact that teachers do not...See More,Laura Assanmal Peláez,Hi! I would be more than happy to help. I can tell you mostly about Honduras and share some of my experiences with curfews and school being temporarily shut down due to political unrest. In Honduras we also have a very controversial mandatory literacy project that all high school seniors have to take part in, which has resulted in multiple protests. I can also tell you a bit about Guatemala and Panama as well :),I took a class on the African Diaspora last semester that talks about race and class and Brazil's new affirmative action plan catering to those that have been left out of the education process. The reading was "Remaking Racial Inclusion: Combining Race andClass in Brazil’s New Affirmative Action". I think you could find it online.,Pm me for Bolivia!,Pm for Argentina!,Pm for Panama,I wrote a report on the current state of education in Venezuela, let me know if you want me to share it with you. I would also love to talk to you more for Venezuela <3Me,🙂,If u count my arabic as arabic :),me,Lucas Davidenco a pro,me,Benjamin Robertsrts fluent,الى الجحيم,Reem Almenhali rdy mn berlinMost probably not, but you could call and check600 577 7777,The one in mussafah is open Saturday for sure so maybe,They probably are closed on Fridays, but should be open on saturdays. You can call and check !Hey I dunno if this is it, but there was a purse with writing on it in the dj room in arts Center before spring break. It's room 133 and you need to go to the Equiptment Center in the Arts center to get access.I'd want to, but as far as I know, the highest credit French level they'd had at NYUAD thus far is intermediate. hb1486,I am giving you my support habibi. da1986,sp4494,Yes please! Ajw548,el2792,jma661,sb5412,Chiran Raj Pandey,crp372,ll3332,tv594,mcn309,ovp203,le711,gt931,jb6256,Tracy Vavrova,aah591,vs1693,cpg302i dont get it though... what exactly is the class about? is it like contemporary french literature/orature or what..?,mra422,Mal777,Hey everyone, Chuck Grim got back finally and says there’s no budget 😞 😞hey I have one I can lend you!under resources there is a tab called "Transfer Files" and if you follow the instructions you should be able to download the folder into your computerHala Aqel,Yao Xu,Aya Afaneh Tom Abi Samra,Hello!! :),May Baho)),👀👀,hey hey,Liz Mao?,Omar Naguib yo time to shine,Wesley Huang Manson Tung?,Philo Wang,Mona NehmeVongai,Hey wassup,yoo,Nabiiha Nahyan,Hello, can I have more details?,Interested,interersted 2,aye,Meee,Asmaa BalfaqihPeople with different personalities have different ways of dealing with what life throws their way. The way they handle these things -whether well or not- may affect their hormones and immune system, which in turn affects their physical and mental health.,Definitely regarding mental health - different personalities will be affected differently by outside influences. Though this can be a vicious cycle - how do mental illnesses change our personalities? Though this again really depends on how you define personalities and whether or not you believe personalities change during life or we are stay the basic choleric, sanguine etc.,Different personalities also prioritize their health differently. People who are more reckless will be more inclined to have unhealthy eating habits, to postpone seeing doctors when problems arise, and lazier personalities might also get less movement.,Of course, stress and laziness affect health. Personalities affect habits so smoking, drinking, unhealthy eating and the lack of sleep and exercise also affect health.,People who are very empathetic can negatively affect their own mental wellbeing,Danny Guo why r u like this,cas yes,toxic stress, Safa Salim :) <3Life is all about taking risks!,Mari Calderon,Isabella?,Greetings. No site but I'll put you in the fb group and you can ask! Or feel free to message me especially about IMA and humanities classes :),Thanks! I’ll pm you 🙂,Tayla McHardie Reine Defranco?,I took Mixed Reality and an animation course; overall loved the IMA floor there and the professors are amazing. Highly recommend any class with Christian Grewell, feel free to message me for more specifics.,Thank uuu I’ll pm u!,Definitely highly highly recommend anything by Christian as well!!!,Helloo, I'm in Shanghai right now and am taking three IMA classes, feel free to pm me with any questions! :),Wow thanks! I’ll pm you 🙂,Alejandra Alison Nick Miha Jennifer?,miha wont answer because he doesnt know what social media is or whatever,#whywontyoueatmypudding,Hi! I had a very similar experience to Reine's since we both took the same two classes. Definitely recommend Christian! He's amazing. I also took two other IMA classes and I don't regret it at all.,it's really hard to go wrong with IMA classes, the program + people are amazing,So'aad MH,Miha Klasinc rude. im poisoning the next pesto slice.,I took Interaction Lab with JungHyun Moon and I loved it. It was a great introduction to Interactive Media and counts as a Core class. Like others have said, the NYUSH IMA program is great, you really can't go wrong,Hey! I took Comm Lab with Roopa Vasudevan and I liked it. I agree that IMA program there is amazing! Even if you start with zero background, you will be able to do well in class. Definitely take at least one IMA class while you're there, and PM me if you want more details specifically about the class I took or this professor,Paschal Giki,I also took two IMA classes in Shanghai, Com Lab and Talking Fabrics, and loved the courses. Ended being an IM minor 😂.Sara Alanis Saenz,I can do Spring 2019 for French tutoring if they can't find anyone else!,Mememe plssss I am here for the full year next year! Had 12 years of French and a lot of experience teaching kids languages, math and not only <3 can also teach them piano or Russian :D mb5875,Hey I am from France (born and raised)  and I would love to tutor this girl!Gaby Anne,Thirangie? :),Shreya Shreeraman,Dominique Learconoces a Sam Ixcaragua? he has a smelly one,It's still smelly 🤢🤢🤢,I have a bit of a bigger one that looks more like a suitcase and has wheels if you still need it,hey ceci i have one!Gotcha,Anastasija, again? 🤦🏻‍♂️,Farida Khaled Gamal,Have an oil serum for eyelids that might help. If you still need 🙂,I've a solid amount of 95% aloe Vera gel if needed. Really good post-sunburn moisturiser,There's some on the high line,Guillermo has an aloe vera plant,Thanks guys, I sorted it out<3,RIP to our aloe vera plant, Anastasija Daniah,RIP to our aloe vera plant, Anastasija Daniah,ChrisFollowing,Unfortunately non-credit language classes are not being offered at any time during Spring semester or summer. They will be resumed at the start of the fall semester.Hey Sara what time?,2:30?,Me,vamos pues peruvian flaketb1747,md3773,Yf857,ms9144,lk1640,cl4359,and378,ktw272,lmy233,hrs363,Pp1777,kln289,ajt493,bfp226,tjt293,yy2345,Mg5220,pjs512,jk5593,wl1390,daj332,Mona Nehme!!,Jss838,lka251 Hannah,The answer to our prayers,Wah271,Hkg245,Soa235,sp4494,ara491,as11318,Malak Yasser,pyc283,le711,jfg388,fms306,SJ2468,Nhl243,Mag1003,Nam625,asd496,arw461,da1866,bhr248,Mur208,mf3468,Ria Golovakova how about another novel,so1217,as10369,nk1389,vs1693,tj677,aa5254,Rt1371,af3296,tas576,Chiran,ll3332,Kkh312,ral510,crp372,kdh313,aef450,km3891,na1791,dw1971,sr4316,mza230,I am also tagging my friend Mateusz who is going to write many influential papers. mam1665,hjt247,st3232,cs4495,Vcm256,Rashtra Raj Bhandari let's get started with our econometrics paper. ;-),ea1837,mt3316,Jab1142,sfk288,Kgp260,oks211,cc5360,Ghena Haikal,hb1487,aah581,Skl428,ps2791,dmo302,me1553,Gah341,stc382,Crd393,wn401,Wch300,Fa981,as9437,mm8658,Dno214,ntb263,mcn309,All the invites sent out ;) New people can submit requests to OrgSync: https://orgsync.com/170428/ and our Facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/177968179597921,as10999,rr2830,Ado262,am7696,gb1649,az1258,ag6180,sw2839,jai264,Sma587,Gh971,Анастасия Смышляева (Anastasiia Smyshliaeva),nnh230,Amna Abdalla,nk2391!!,Mk5915,Matthew TanEmma Kay Tocci,Meredith Raymer,Hala Aqel ❤,Kit Palmer,Serco has a project with the campus cats. Louise Larkins may be a good point of contact. 	Louise.larkins@serco.ae,AdnanÁron Braunsteiner,Put everything relevant that I could find here: https://drive.google.com/.../17EhcNwhQN5T0So7yD4DXVjCjBwS.... Mostly migration-related stuff except for Maps taught by Dale Hudson.,What’s your email?,Thanks to everyone - good to see I've still got connects on the inside...Me,Me 😊,Me! ◡̈,Me,Me,Raunak Shrestha,Raunak Shrestha,me!Conserving our Global Heritage!!,Nour A. Samy,Take gender!!! The readings are interesting and challenges everything you thought you knew + stellar Professor!,Multi-ethnic Democracy, it's pretty cool!!,Steer clear of The Desert. The class's premise is interesting but my experience was extremely dull. The professor is a harsh grader and the readings were often not interesting.Katie Sheng,i've only went home for a long weekend and worked it out with my professors - but not sure about what it would be like for a longer period of time,hope everything is okay <3,Jess Castelyn from the Dean of Students Office is a good person to go to for this kind of stuff. jc6812@nyu.edu,Thanks lady.  Love you.,FYI she doesn't work for that office any more, but she can still point you in the right direction!Abu Dhabi: louvre, Emirates park zoo, corniche (like a goal is to walk all the way to marina mall in this rare weather)Dubai: wild wadi water park, miracle garden, global village,Also burj khalifa, the dubai frame, burj al Arab, the beach JBR, city walk for dubai,aLso, Dubai design district if it’s still open,Al serkal as well,Sheikh Zayed grand mosque in AD as well.,Dubai Creek, Old souq area and Al Seef (all within close proximity). Also La Mer is the trendiest beach spot in Dubai atm,Thank you!!,Yess Old Souq Dubai, get a boat for 1 dirham, and its great,Abu Dhabi: take the elevator in marina mall and see Abu Dhabi from above, have food at Al Liwan, 1 dirham karak tea at Madinar Zayed, try oud perfume at a perfume shop in Madinat Zayed as well, get them to try an Oman Chips sandwich, have Milk Cake at ...See More,For marina mall though, check if you can get to the top. Last time I went it was under construction,San Francisco sandwich  🤤,Al Quoz! There is a bunch of really cool galleries over there.,Haha, as per usual Sara Pan strikes with comments three days later 😜,This time it’s not too late tho ❤️Serge Galit's Zoo,Serge Galiț,Al Ain zoo is actually really nice!!!,At emirates park zoo, the giraffes sometimes go over the fence and try to eat your hat off. That's kinds cool,definitely Al Ain,Are there any sanctuaries in the UAE?,emirates park zoo,Emirates park zoo was basically a petting zoo that got expanded. Al ain is larger and kinda more equipped,Alia Albastaki,Al Ain zoo is pretty lit and there is a safari tour with a funny guide included.Oscar Emilio Bueso Asfura if you haven’t left yet?,Arianna Gayle Stucki,Daniella Aruina Daria Akinshina,I am flying back on Sunday evening!Sharif Ibrahim?,Hey -- What date is that? Just want to make sure I'm on-campus thenIs this how ROR dies? Decentralization?Me! I was switched into it last minute cause my original course got cancelled. The syllabus is on classes, but there are no readings for tomorrowTe sirve de bolsillo??Kirk?,I have one. pm!Mani Rehman?All you need is here:https://github.com/michaelshiloh/NetworkEverything... See More,Thank you!I have one,I have one,Where do we go to find the shuttle?The problem is that the timings are set in EST (New York) time, so when they're imported to our computers, which are in the Dubai timezone, the calendar shifts the times. The best way is to change the timing for the very first session of all the classes you're taking, and when it asks you if you want to apply changes to the remaining events just click yes – and hopefully you'll be set.,Alternatively:1. Download your schedule from Albert....See More,Oh my,Thank  you!,Treunen Maria Natasha,Just go to the mobile version of albert ( m.albert.nyu.edu) and download it from there. It is in the correct time zone; on that note idk why it doesn't work in the normal version of the website,Thank you everyone!,Maryam Al Hammadinyuad.it.help@nyu.edu,ragskedia@gmail.com,KFC?http://intro18spring.nyuad.im,❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️,You can see the syllabus,posts, and weekly schedule there!Abdullah Zameek,Great class if you want to learn the basics of arduino and processing, and just generally make cool things and see the creative applications of code and hardware. If you’ve never taken an IM class before, it’s a great one to start with, and the IM faculty in general are amazing.,Amazing Class!You'll learn basic principles of how Arduino works, and about basic hardware like LEDs, potentiometers, servo motors, etc. On the software end, you learn Processing to create artsy things using code. Another plus is that it requires no c...See More,I'd highly recommend it and it's a great start to get to know interactive media, the IM lab and professors, lab monitors, etc. Took it as a senior, but wish I had taken it and joined the IM cult earlier.,Diego Arias García,Depends on who you take it with too though Alejandra LateefaBut in general it's amazing.,Lauren You,Fantastic class 10/10 the more you put into it the more you'll get out of it but honestly I could rave about it for hours just take it and you'll seeI took social psych with Joce!Yahya John Scaccia,Can I have it too please ?,FYI I was enrolled but the class might get cancelled -- there was no syllabus posted as of last week. We should know by this Wed if it is cancelled.,Hey, can someone pass me the syllabus, pretty pleasee?Denta Care on Hamdan Street - Dr. Jose is the best!,hey wanna cab there together?,Alex Fleming,Ridda ManzoorYou must study at least 2 semesters to be eligible for off-campus internship/work,^^ or if it's unpaid, you can,Aren’t we allowed to anyways? As in who’s going to stop us??Laura Karpauskaite iGEM expert,Hey, we haven't fully completed the recruitment process yet! We will let you know when the time comes :),Fathur Said Nisa SemestaBarcelona, Sagrada Familia, 10/10. Bit obvious but gives you a place to start at least?,I mean I’m partial to Paris, the Croatian coast, and the Netherlands. But yeah this is super broad lol. What exactly are you looking for?In terms of Spain I love Southtern Spain (Sevilla, Granada, Córdoba, and Cadiz all deserve a visit, in that order),Domestic trains in Spain can be very expensive, so take advantage of the bus system!! It's absolutely beautiful and so easy for solo travelling for day or weekend trips. Some of my favorite places are Pamplona and the surrounding towns/cities. If you w...See More,Also, follow the festivals! It's a really fun way to get to know Spain :) Here's a short list of some of the best festivals to check out while you're there https://www.spain-holiday.com/.../best-events-in-spain,Guggenheim in Bilbao is my favorite building in the world (and gives you a taste of what the low price of oil prevented us from having on Saadiyat at the moment),Do the Camino de SantiagoSame, please 😊,Hey! We did a pretty basic overview of the class. Aside from personal introductions and logistics, we mostly discussed different definitions of identity and Culture and broadly how they relate to politics. We had readings for today and more for Wednesday, pm if you want those too :)following,On laptop, you go to weekly schedule then select “list view” and it will show all your classes including your waitlisted classes like old Albertbump (natch),I have the syllabus for on violence. What’s your net ID?,Jumana IbrahimBump,I really need this incense burner,Hey so I have incense but I don’t have a burner,If you don’t need it right now, I’m going to Wahda and should be back by 3 and can get one for you.,I found one. Thank you both!Hey, I'm in it -- PMHey I can give u mine, when do u need it?,Are you switching to engineering,Are you switching to (electrical) engineeringeditors@thegazelle.org,Kate Melville-Rea,I would love to be interviewed,Aya Afaneh,Nada,Alex Matters my time to finally express how much i h8 the cats,Siya Chandrie,Adnan WOW I TOLD U I WOULD TAG U IN CAT THINGS OMG,Meredith Raymer ur time has come,Matthew Tan,Luis Carlos Soto Ruíz That footage from cinematography class could work!,Nisala Saheed the cat stealing food video,CATS ARE LOVELY CREATURES THEYRE NOT AN ISSUE DAMN ITHey, I actually lost a $50 bill and am wondering if you found this. I'd appreciate it back, man.,yep!,Perfect.Katarina Holtzapple,Yes! Just email global wings and they can sort out transport if you guys are willing to pay. If you want the university to pay for it too then idk,Hey! I was able to book an extra shuttle to go to an event near the corniche, but that was just with the daily free shuttle service. I havent tried booking for an independent event but I'm pretty sure transportation has an email (I didn't communicate with them directly so I'm not sure what it is)Hey love. You can go directly to the registrar and they'll email the unofficial transcript to you.,Go to transcripts and grade (or something like that) on the menu on the left (where there s home, academics, etc) and then there s a "view unofficial link" link that you click on, and the website is gonna want to open a pop up window but ur browser probably wont allow it so u ll probably find an icon at the top of the browser with a red cross or something like that (if u r on chrome) and u click on it to allow popups,Ok if one of those doesn't work I'll try the other. Thanks a lot to both of you <3A looot of writing,I took a core, colloquium and FYWS last semester I almost died So if it’s writing intense dontttt,Martin klimke is lit. Also what are you thinking of dropping 😉,Jessica Molina,Lee Hyun Choi,Martin Klimke is the ABSOLUTE BEST. High recommend. Super passionate and kind and great at teaching. Took one class with him and I became a history major. Wesley Huang,I’m taking a colloquium with Masha Kirasirova and it’s my favorite class of the semester so far!,Natalie Kopczewski?,Class seems very interactive so far - the two professors make a great team! Readings are interesting and not too much. Love Klimke as a mentor and teacher!!Anyone? 😐https://hashtag.school/ - ez peldaul magyar :),PRIA | Practical Robotics Institute Austriagood gosh :o thanks for posting,Oh nooo,😭😭😭,Help the kitty pls someone,Meredith Raymer,I’ll go by in the morning and take a look,The people caring for kitties on campus have been notified. Please don't put out milk for the poor darling, kittens don't process cow's milk well. We fed it appropriate kitten food and will not do so again until tomorrow so kitten is hingry enough to go into a cat carrier for food and get taken to a vet for much needed care. <3,Katie Glasgow-Palmer,So'aad MH OMG I WANT IT LETS ADOPT IT 😭😭😭😭,,Adnan this is the one i told u about,Matthew and I with the assistance of some other people tried to help it (from getting eaten by a bigger cat) and maybe even give it a new home, the little bugger ran away for 45 minutes which ended with us finally getting him before he attacked. Leave kitty alone. It's a trap.,Aya Afaneh,Another attempt will start soon, please don't startle kitty if you see it out in the open. The people taking turns to coax it into the carrier are well-versed in kitty behavior and have raised and fostered several rescued cats over the years. They're in good hands y'all :),Relaying a message from the Community Page:Hey guys, need your help with this and with getting this information out to the students:...See MoreFollowingIt's pretty easy. He's a cool guy. Sometimes not super clear with his grading and minimal feedback, but hey he's essentially teaching intro to moral philosophy to a bunch of engineering students so he's got reason to be jaded 😂 Hey, depending on what days I could x,PMedJennifer Ziyuan Huang?,Great CS+Honors Math/Regular Math+Neuroscience/Biology program with lots of courses and research opportunities.,Diem Hang Pham,Jennifer Ziyuan Huang,pm me for a contact at NYUSH engineering. They'd be happy to chat.Liza Tait-Bailey,I went to Guatemala last summer, feel free to message me 🙂Dylan Johnson,I wrote a research paper on that very topic last semester,https://www.theatlantic.com/.../what-muslims.../386156/,and also: http://www.merip.org/mer/mer276/jihadism-anti-primer,just read all 3 for a class (soz about the multiple comments),Already used those, bess thank you hbbti <3 Nada Ammagui,no worriesssssss,Well played Ghita Benhayoune,What well played it brought me nothing :(I don't think so, messaged you the right one,just get a travel adapter smhyup :(,welcome to the jungle !,yes,a3'ba system,you have to have your phone on you at least once every 24 hours,"really dumb question",For email it doesn’t ask me at all. Both In chrome and in email clients like Mail on Mac or Outlook on Windows. But it does for other services like student portal or NYU classes.,Albert Mobile also doesn't ask for MFA,Albert in chrome doesn’t ask me either which is the biggest bullshit I’ve ever seen,Yes,https://www.change.org/.../new-york.../fbog/23063257...,Unless you keep your email tab open... then yeah you need your phoneI recall seeing a bottle like this in A3002 classroom this Wednesday, dont know if if's yours,Did you get it from Typo, I have the exact same one, so don't think that I somehow stole yours!,:(((Can I have pastaLucy Choi I believe it might be yours??GarrethFilip Karan was there any left that you might've left behind in your dorm? :D,Omg yes i forgot to return it to you, i last saw it on the table in my suite,Filip thanks hbb! will contact your suitemates about itenty eh? enty bnt elly bynazamo el 7afalat walla 7aga? 😂,Theyre gone lmaoI do if you still need one ticket.There were some people selling on the free and for sale grouphttps://students.nyuad.nyu.edu/.../fall-2017-final-exam...,thank you,Zoha youre a senior,yeah and ive finally learnt to look for it three weeks beforeApril-ish, they'll email us dw,Sweet- thanks!You need to get a permission from global ed first and then you’d be able to change the layover but you have to pay for the changeFatma :(,Fatima Al Romaithi 😞 if u were on campus!!!,2 spots wanted here please!!!!,Sara Fakhry,One spot here please!,Sunyi Wang,Guys message me directly pls!Give it to Gabriela CastroI have an American flag that's like A3 paper size.Thanks 🙏,Most welcomeOwiredua is AG planning anything ? Also I work with the Africana Studies profs a lot so if you have something in mind Yasmin I would be happy to help out !,Ayah Otelo you guys might be interested ?,Speak to Alta! Marie-ClaudeHey,Last minute essay,haha two days to gol had the same problem last semester,they told me l have to pay $100 , l told them they can keep their locker,Hey I had the same problem at the beginning of the semester. My locker was really full so that meant the lock on the other side was jammed, I just had to press the door hard and it unjammed the lock,Alternately try going one up/down the number you put, sometimes the lock is weird like thatMadaline McCluskey,Ria Golovakova,they already went..,Hey! President of the SIG here. Yes we do exist! And we already went to the desert in November. There will be another trip next semester so look out for that. We post on student life all of our announcements and have a mailing list if you’d like to be added?Mia Averianova Here we go again lol,No rudeness intended but he’s the worst professor I’ve had in a long, long while. Although I only took one of his classes in freshman year; there’s a chance he may have improved his methods at this point... but I doubt it :v,Hey! Speaking from experience taking Pedro's class "Humanitarianism in Africa, previously called how to save Africa" " and having chosen him as my academic mentor for History. I strongly disagree with both Enrique and Mia. Pedro is one of the most supp...See MoreHey Tami posted about this on our class of 2019 fb group,Thanks! Just found itSharif Ibrahim,Following,Hey! So I was going to take this but I have no space - I've met with Professor Pomerantz and he seems super friendly and hinted that the workload wouldn't be too hectic. I also have the syllabus, if you'd like me to pass that on,Hey! Could you forward it to me as well (pii202@nyu.edu),Yes please and thank youTuesdays 4:00-6:00PM, but he is already gone,ana how is camping outside his office goingCall facilities before you check out,omg what did u do,I would turn it into edgar allan poe pop-art, kinda looks like his hair..,Draw a face and call it artAyyy film student here. what does the friend need exactly?,Carlos Tzy Archita buildin up that portfolio of yalls,hello, theater majors don't have like a "club" per se but if you give us the person's email/contact we can get in contact!,Reem Almenhali,Martin Doumanov head of the photography SIG,Yes im into theater and that good stuffYou baking? 😱,Hey, you can borrow mine, which is with Charlotte Gundry , so ask her :)I have a few!,Queena Lin,I have a couple! A5A 607. You can come by after 10 if that works for u,I have soooo many,Ji Young Kim,There are a few in the IM lab rn,We have at least 5, a6b 306,we have nearly 20 Sung-min Sohn,Alia Ozair, your time to shine2700 usd per month for just accommodation?,Just to compare the minimum salary in the UAE is around 8000 AED as far as I know.,It will be very tight, but should be okay if that person is single.,will be fine if he is willing to live in a sharing apartmentDana Galimzhanova Dania Paul,Cecilia Figueroa Arrivillaga,Hey, I'll message you!,Still looking for more!Hey Vuk, I can bring you a thermometer and fever medicine <3,What will happen to u when Araz and I leave?,Let me know if you need anything, i have a whole kit of medicine,Anything to lift you upY not 10k,Hey! I messaged you :)Mahgul Farooqui,Juria Sato Bajracharya,currently in her Intro to Public Policy class,Ghena Haikal Adam Sherif,Me!,Hey, feel free to PM any questions!,I took both intro to public policy and public policy analysis with her! Pm if you like,Shivani Mishra,Warda lol,Sara Booth,Hamza Haider,✋,Анастасия Зубарева,Rashtra Raj Bhandari,Absolutely love Sophia. Let me know.hey! i do haveWhat are you getting it for ? IE: What do you want out of it.,I've been using one for a year now, and if you're want it for basic office works, it's extremely portable and comfortable. But it's too slow for multimedia work,I’d rather buy the 13 inch MacBook Air than this one. This MacBook has only one port, so either you charge it or pay extra to get a transformer to connect a pendrive for example.... the only version of these new MacBooks that are good is the Pro but that’s more expensive than this.,Get a dell xps 13. It's a macbook for windows with more ports and much much better performance for the price,mac is super over priced but it’s pretty and has an apple on it so worth it imo,https://theoutline.com/.../the-new-macbook-keyboard-is...tl;dr the keyboard sucks and is a nightmare to get repaired, best get something else...See MoreNoClaimed: hangers, basket,can i have the towels?,hey you can leave your sheets in your room at the end of the bed, neatly folded and facilities will take care of them :),Thanks everyone!!!600535353,thanks,no worries man,What time and where,hahaha, a friend needs to take a cab to campus from somewhere, so unless you're down to drive to her to pick her up...,thanks thoughMeeee! Super Interested,Tom Abi Samra,Luis Carlos Soto Ruíz ?,Me 2,Interested,Hey interested,Hiiiiii,Motoi Oyane (?),Interested!,Hatim Benhsain,Jonathan Lee,🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻,I’ll be here in spring. Ready for some work,Hellloo,meee,Interested.,✋😊,Interested!,Aizaz Ansari,Interested,Im interested too! :D,Interested,Interested :),Super interestedProfessors can wave pre-req's, just email the professor,Yes and yes. It's not a big deal, no one really cares about pre-reqs.,Yes. Professors can waive prereqs but it depends on the professor. You might have to send a personal email to confirm and Kerry Barnett is always an excellent resource. I swear I emailed her for any and everything and she responds pretty quickly.,amaze, thanks everyone!,hey so anyone of you experienced this at stern? if so, who did you talk to in order to get the permission number for albert? the professor said that i could take her class, but the admin people at stern are being suuuuper anal about thisCan't wait for part 3 😍😍😍,i'll take JDs for dirhams!"Alia el kattan mun" wla eih?,Thomas Yates,Zain Mustafa,Hey! I haven't negotiated room prices, but I have negotiated venue prices for hosting my own conference and it was pretty flexible. Just reach out and see what they say. :)Mirza,We’re going with the 8pm public bus to zayed sport city and we’ll be there on time for the match,Aisha Al Dhaheri,Yeah,Rawan Dareer,Guys, the family taxi is here. We need 2 more peopleHey Fatma, sophomores are not allotted a storage box.Ahmed me!,Hessa Bani Hammad,Me too,Yup! Gjorgji Shemov,Me,We have 2 here!Try posting on this group NYUAD Free & For SaleAdnan Dekeidek,I got you but I won't be around tomorrow, just a heads up,I canEnrolled in 1 and waitlisted in 1, if that counts,Thanks Pranav, I meant someone at Stern this current semester. So it has to be people physically in NY right now.,Tanya Bansal I have a few friends at Stern if you need sth,Alexander Petriv,Esmie Papadimitriou,Zoey Max Ann,Alia Abboud,Thank you so much, friends!!! I’ve reached out to these names for help 😀,Manas PantIll pay you back with even more bananas,Its urgent yall,This shit is bananas,B-a-n-a-n-a-s,I don’t know if I should ask or if this is just a hunter moment where I accept and move on with my life,i would give you if i had but we all know the convenience store and how bananas are rare species on this campus 💔,Reine your bois film lmaoI have neither but I need to know, how does a projector fill in for vanilla or cinnamon?,i have both. pm,So'aad MH still have that projector, and if so, is it possibly available tonight?There's a class on Entrepreneurship next semester.,Diego Sandoval,Speak to someone from StartAD! Maybe Ramesh,I look at startups as an investor and since my fund is double bottom line so the preference is for social enterprises so may be I can answer some of your questions.,Matt Karau from the EDS can probably point you in the right direction,Following,Jia Bo Khan?lol story of my life,Emmm I have like one two pair extra if you need,You never use them thoPole"book your sit" inculte va,Даниелла Аруина (Daniella Aruina)https://nyu.service-now.com/servicelink/service_detail.do...Fundamentals of Digital Audio is a class entirely about ProTools (the software). Matteo Marciano is teaching it, and being a certified ProTools instructor, he's teaching it in a way that will allow people who take this class to sit the ProTools certification exam and get certified should they pass,Intro to music programming is a different course, taught by Carlos guedes in two seven week periods. I haven't taken the class but I've worked with him before and I imagine it would be perfect for someone interested in both CS and music, as you'll be learning max MSP which is a visual programming language for music and multimedia. :DplsssAh Ram Cho,If Prob and Stats is a requirement prior to your study away just email Mary that's the case with you, and you should be fine, only if your study away according to the pathway should be in Fall.Update : the bird is free, but hurt. Any help is appreciated!Additional information: It's a Trading competition organized by AUS. You only get to participate at the workshops, but not at the competition,Juan Pablo Rossi,Emily Wang,Mirza Mohammed Baig,Check PM!,Alexander Petrivhttps://students.nyuad.nyu.edu/.../course-list-and-syllabi/wow this level of shade,idk about the rest but i have been asked to be added for a year now and i am still not on it so.... yeah, it's not necessarily a source for everyone,"Oops! Sorry, it seems that you are not a student, so you can't use NYUAD Coursereview." lol wowyou're the best!!😍 thank you so much 🙏🏼,Go girll!!😎,Is there a video of Vera's performance?,Were they TSM earrings?M&O is ok. Wouldn't say it's my favorite course in London, but the course materials (and most of the case studies) are interesting, and prof is nice. It's good for getting some basic understanding of Porter's five forces, firm culture, etc etc. Overall I did not put too much effort into it so as you can see it's a very chill course.ME SIMRANmention that u r doing disney songs i think u ll get 200% more interest,I'll be in Kuwait at that time but all the best and have fun 👍🙂I have a hiker phone you can borrowI don't think there are any official stats, but you could compare articles written during their freshman/senior years. This article for example https://nyuad.nyu.edu/.../pr-new-york-university-abu... says that there were 175 students enrolled, then this website http://nyuad.nyu.edu/.../class-of-2017-graduation-tribute... says the class is comprised of 165 students.BUMPMauricio Yañez,Mauricio Yañez,Mauricio Yañez??,yepp, pm me andresitocan u literally be any more sketchy and vague,Diego Arias García can you angry react here, the post was in the wrong group thx,Biology: Basma Radwan (bmr225@nyu.edu) and He Liu (hl62@nyu.edu) are researchers in prof Dipesh Chaudhury's lab,Tulasi Ram Reddy - postdoc in maths, tulasi@nyu.edu,Irene Skuballa its101 psych,Julien Dirani - psychology (researcher),Saqib Subhan - Electrical Eng. saqib.subhan@nyu.edu,awesome, thanks guys!! :),Graham Flick - Psychology graham.flick@nyu.edu he's Canadian :DKate Melville-Rea,you can email me or Vic. But not both coz that'll be confusing.Sana Amin waterrr,Water,Is “water” part of the old core curriculum? Cause it’s not listed on the courses page,Future of Medicine is also quite easy,Sana Odeh does not seem chill tbh,Water! chill and easy AI do-pm'd you!,I do朱庭萱Lier Qiu,Philo Wang,朱庭萱 Lier Qiu,Hey Lier  and I are the presidents 🙂Hey,HeyPhilo Wang your Kazakh shoes,yes, that sounds good,Tah399,And when you're asking for a portrait you don't get one...😒,draw me like one of ur moroccan boys,Mmememememememememe,Asma Alabbar your heels,I hope to be of service.,This post just gave me a valuable enough reason to post this pair I'm overly proud of,I have my Grandpa’s brogues. Coolest shoes in the world,Nour Ahmed your time to shine,Hello,Charles Kanyanta Chansa SHINEE MY BOY,Ummm why didn't you ask me???? 😒😒😒 -Gabi,These aren't the coolest shoes per se, but they did walk across 3 continents,Metha Naser(preferably women's medium but im flexible as long as i won't die of hypothermia),hey if you still need one I've got one :),i also have oneI have a statue of Buddha, ca. 10/15cm in heighthttps://www.thenational.ae/.../the-abu-dhabi-fatwa-call...,Yasmin Farhan Yara El Wazir Noor Alameri,Hey! Feel free to PM me.,Aisha Al Dhaheri breathable malch,Nour AhmedFilip Karan Leslie Gray dying,Sheetal is amazing, I took a class with her freshman fall! 🙂 very knowledgeable, kind and happy to meet if you want to discuss your essays or get feedback. Just that the workload will definitely not be chill and she is harsh about deadlines.,Tiffany Holung save yourself from Chacon (unless you enjoy naps)they're every damn week and they're so fucking emotionally draining,ure not getting away with it as a chill elective ya mamaI do but they're white,I have a bunch of black ones like those, can let you know when Im back on campus,I do! Theyre gray,Hey the colour doesn't matter! Amazing, thanks guys!,Akash JainiPresente!,siii habibi,Mande,Holaa,hola holaaa,Keith Anto Hayden Mountcastle Liam Meier,Yooo,Lola, Jaime, Mario, Miren y yo,Tiffany Holung hbd,Alo,Ramón Wrzosek Matthew Tan,🖖🏾🖖🏾,hey,Ey?,Tiril,Holaa,also Shannon,EDIT: Spanish-speaker AND free for 15 minutes tomorrow at 10:30AM?,Aca,Vuk Vuković,Dhruvi Joshi Jessica Molina Sara Alanis Saenz,holisss,Mañana 10:30 en dónde?,I heard Yazan Al-Ajlouni and Jaehurn Nam had to learn, as their summer friends would only constantly speak in SpanishWhat should we look for ya soosoo? iPhone? Samsung?,iphone 6, it has my id and card on the back with a reach card holder:c,update: im an absolute idiot and the phone was under this notebook on my floor,Habla,wallah this is amazing 😂😂😂😂😂Nada Al Bedwawi,Very chill class (too chill?) and very easy grader (nice person also) but I don't personally enjoying the teaching materials and what we've done. you can pm me for details!,She's super sweet :) It's a fun class where you get a bunch of freedom but also a lot of support for your projectsHatim Benhsain,Hey man PMME!,crying,Omg,Da gheir el 2 el hakhodhom sa7? 😂😂,Mubasher Iqbal,:(,Gheir mine sah😂,3'eir mine ana kaman sa7 Mariam,#mariamthef1ticketpimp,Sorry guys wallah they were gone in a second,MEArtem Misiurenko?,Daniel Watson,Peter Si,Chenhao Xu Jia Bo Khan,Looks like the Sheikh's advisers are saying "I can handle the business side".,Hey I'm interested,Jihyun Seyed,Mark Surnin,Mateusz Machi'm super interested. spam me via messenger so that i don't forget,Miha Klasinc poc listening session pt. 2?,I gotchu fam,M673,Swb300,gsi212,And378,nk2385,Sm7015 super interested,Mee,tas576,bhr248,mm7969,ava267,Tah399,Mg5220,scn282,Ylber Roka thuj ati shokut tat ta tregoj historin qe na tha dje hahahahKamilya Yuting Dina M. Andrea Roland,If you're looking for someone that floats in and out of the FNM program (I'm a double major in FNM and Theater), I can talk to you too,MY MAN MO BLOOOOOSHI Mohammed BlooshiAli Al Dhaheri,Harshini Karunaratne,TAKESIES,Haven't taken the class but Jonny is a great prof.,Laura WaltjeEmail the dept head. "Markets" as a class is a new feature of the Econ dept,I think principles of macro is not required for the new Econ bulletin, as in it doesn't count as one of the 18 required Econ courses,Hey! As of your class, principles of micro and macro were replaced by markets. You can't take macro consequently nor need to actually.,Don’t take principle of macro! It is not for class of 2021! We can take intermediate macro as long as u have taken markets!Go to the health and wellness center. They either should have someone there who can help or ask for the email of the representative of our insurance company. That’s quite a tedious work to do on your own...,I was told by an insurance representative that since we have the student insurance we are only able to get reimbursement via check, which will be delivered to campus (and takes quite a while to do so). I filled out that form with my information and everything but I was still reimbursed via check.Diya Gupta your chance to shine,Sree Rag,Rodrigo Luque,Mateo Cruz,Zain Mustafa,Diya Gupta,Hey! So I don't have access to the music used for the production and I am not sure if students have access to it. But you could try contacting Tegan Ritz Mcduffie who was our stage manager for access (she works in the arts center so she would know their policies regarding this as well).email professor.,i see a lot of people talking about this form.. The hell is it?Uncertainty is super chill. Mallory is nice but not necessarily a good lecturer. The course material was interesting thoNYUAD technically doesn't do transfers (as in everyone has to start from 1st year),Kelly Murphy,Safeya Alblooshi,Hi,Ana Karneža,Diego Kleiman,Claudia Neumann,Sultan Almheiri,Hey! It'd be a pleasure 🌻,Boyan,Mohamed Mbarouk,Me,I did a full semester in my local uni in Australia before coming here!,Chandan MishraLateefa,Dania Odeh,Possibly me depending on interested to what extent..,Firas Atwa,Ghita Benhayoune,ham422! Message me!,I tag me,hello,Rabiya Imran?,ash558,mee nak370,Rawan,Yara El Wazir,Noor Noor,Me !,Hmu ye352 : ),sma620,Kristina Stanković,Jude Al Sharif?,David Deokhyun Kim Raeesa Omar(?) Rawan Dareer,Me me,Sks648,Nujood Faisal Najed,dmo302,Hey! Thank you all for showing interest! I already have enough people on board but if any other oppurtunity comes along I will let you know :),Lateefa StingrayOrsolya ?,I have a tie pin if that works,I have a bake-safe casserole dish, but your pie will be oblongWhen? This year's iGEM team has a pretty cool project but we'll be away until Tuesday next week,Raitis Pekuss SDME?ja brat,I'm not sure if this is the entire process but, after submitting my application on commonapp I was emailed for a skype interview. After which I had no idea because I received an email for CW and since AD was my first choice of campus I just went with it. Someone in my CW who didn't get in later said that she was given admission to NYU Shanghai, but obviously their financial aid wasn't as great.,Currently studying away at NYUSH. I can put you in touch with NYUSH students or answer questions about campus life if you need,hi nyush student here, feel free to message :),I'll add that 50% of the students are Chinese students who took the Gaokao in addition to the regular admission process, so the student body in a sense is not as diverse as NYUAD.,hey! i would love to answer any question. I am a nyush student currently studying away in ADIdk about the class but when I took a class with awam as a freshman it was the chillest and one of the easiest As I’ve ever gotten,So this class entirely depends on the professor. It can be super chill and fun just watching movies but also some professors make it a lot for intense. Don’t know this professor they may be a visiting one?,Smrithi Nair, Sakshi Gala , Jamie Gabrielle Uy,Fatma,Take it. Awam is the best.,Awam is a great professor!Kamilya, Anna?,Hey! Yes, I have one that you can borrowhey i have one needle!I don't necessarily have a license but I've been fishing since I was like 7 bc I'm from a family of fishermen lmao,Mateo Cruz,Fatih Haloglu?,Hey, Mateo Cruz and I have one. It is under his name, but we applied together, what do you need to know?,Truman RobertsonYes - abroad thoughJamie Napier is a really helpful and knowledgeable professor. Taking her colloquium and it’s super chill and she makes discussion engaging,I think it’s a new course cuz it’s not even listed in the bulletin,I think Intro to psych is a prerequisite tho,Jamie is AMAZING!!!!,Jamie is an amazing professor. I would say I enjoyed very much 75% of the readings. She is very chill as well (once I was 25 minutes late to class and she didn't mind at all). You are allowed to miss three classes (you don't have to provide an excuse)....See More,Idk about the course but the professor is awesomeI have some. Where are you?,Hey! I'm in A2C and I have some :)I have a yellow belt🙋amazing. queen of arabic.,11/10, good teacher, easy grading,It is true that she is a really sweet, nice person but personally I had other opinions of her as a teacher, especially as a beginner cuz I wanted someone who could really push me and build the basics firmly and her style of teaching was a bit too lenient/nice for me(personally!). But tbh I only took her course two days and had to change schedule, so again I might not be the most accurate source,she’s an angel 💛💛 great for elementary levels of arabic, easy grading, learning about arab culture, anything related to the root system and your happiness,Ask your room mate who is taking arabic m8 😶,The best of the best!!! she inspired me a lot and made me adore Arabic! I miss her so much as a teacher! She is very funny and sweet and also you will learn a lot. <3 love her,Diego González Arciniega,Lovely!! She is really sweet, easy grader, and more concerned about your improvement more than grades.,She is the sweetest❤️,she is the sweetest lady you'll meet <3 for those concerned about her being too "easy," I had Khulood for a whole year with 101 and 102 but I have no issues doing 201 right now,SWEETEST <3,SHE IS AN ANGEL,10/10 Khulood is my queen, so understanding and so patient. <3Tom Abi Samra,Omg sweetest human on campus. I’m an Arabic TA and I work with her - I don’t know her in class (I hear great things though), but I know she’s the nicest and most helpful person ever!,Juan Diego,BEST <3,Chandan Mishra,The most wonderful human being in the world 🌎 she’s super soft spoken lol that’s my only complaint as I’m hard of hearing but hey 🤷‍♀️,She is amazing, so amazing that you will feel guilty if you miss her class or don't complete her homework. She won't even scold you, it's just the way she is that makes you do all you can in her class. <3,Sergiy Stupak,She's amazing - always smiling, lenient grader, always ready to help outside class and have conversations about Arab culture and in general a very nice person,Khalood is bae.,The best!!!thx?,I think you can borrow ones from the sports desk in C2 level oneGsi212,elg375,tv594,Hamza Haider Abdur Rehman Kazi Owais Ahmed,Abdur Rehman,Heikke,al3989,Ar4366,hk1772,Mar964,Zoey Max Ann I miss youuuu,Mulindi Cynthia,Reem Almenhali,jah913,yjt231,mg4945,ps2791,ss9148,mmb774,Matthew Tan,anh334,stc382,vc1051,Prasant Adhikari Jovan Jovancevic Frederik Brinck JensenWhat do you guys think?,wk738,Nhl243 - but have no experience,hyl392 - no experience,gb1747 - I'd love to learn but have never played before,avl285,aab675,vlz211 no experience,lcs428,jy1793,csw360,As10505,Sussan García,Jfg390,gg1720,ms9550,mak865,jcc823,Maria Del Mar Jaramillo,mdj308,vdi203,Na1860,Kcm411,nv600,av1509I'm also leaving on Monday to Georgia!,Or he can take the bus from the Abu Dhabi Bus station for 25 dirhams.,Sanja Kastratovic 6’1 goI have the one the school gave me. Haven't used it yet and prob never will.Hoya Liu \,Nisala Saheed "I like aesthetics",Devaki Banerjee,Deemah Omari,Prashant Sharma ☺,Matthew Tan,el Rey,Andrija,Maya Adams Kamilya Issaliyeva 🔥🔥,Achrakat El Fitory,Maya Adams @ Kamilya Issaliyeva Shamma Al Bastaki,Raeesa Omar,Vamika Sinha X 1028364638292929373767393 votes,Jorge Guiracocha,Mohsin Syed,Harper Cho,Hatim Benhsain,Da King Daniel,Jaehurn Nam,Juan Diego Serrano Ortega,Sara Alanis Saenz,Ylber Roka,Анастасия Зубарева,Christie Marie Leone,Rodrigo Luque Daniel Rey,Cathy Chiang😊😄,Armaghan Khan 😏 even if he pretends he isn't,Juan Diego Serrano Ortega,Navya Suri,Maya Adams,Zane Mountcastle,Abda Kazemi,Adam Ashraf,Devaki Banerjee. 10/10 would recommend. Also, Isabella Peralta!!! <3,Virág Kiss,Don Cho,Nadia Alhashmi,Sienna Hagedorn,Evangeline Louise Gerodias,Tala Nassar you're not on campus but still,Maximus Nobes,Daniel Rey,Tayla McHardie,Nisala Saheed,Gregory Goldemberg,Hayden Mountcastle,Neyva Hernandez,Анастасия Зубарева,Henok Taddesse,Liene Magdalēna PekuseIf you are in th library, you canuse mine,Why do you never ask me? I live right next to you 💔Zoha Alvi!!,Clearly hypebeast Brian Peng,Ylber Roka,Ghaniba Ali <3,Sebastiano Pio Matera tag me too pls,Oscar Emilio dale campeon,Rawan Dareer ❤❤❤❤,Waseem Gulam Fatima Almahmoud Gugó Tadevosyan,Sandro Andric hippie hobo hipster clashing with preppy rich boi aesthetic ljubi majka,Anique Ahmad Hamza Haider,Rishav Sikaria 🔥🔥🔥,Ahmad Stingray ;),Ali Abou El Atta,Alina Lebedeva,Nabii,Daniah Kheetan 👑,Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq,Hassan Ahmed but it's no secret,Mariam AlHarmoodi,Danial A. Qamar,Diego Arias García,Lateefa Stingray,임현우,Muhannad when he's cleaning the bathroom,Huda Ahmed 🙌🙌,Fatema Al Fardan,Deemah Omari your pijamas,Raghav,Don Cho,Daniel Rey 💦💦,Luīze Rieksta Keita Dicmane you two always look good 👌🏻,Dania Odeh <3,Akash Jaini,Harper Cho x,Karma Dolma Gurung + Claire Louise + Iris Ryu,Daniah Kheetan Sandro Andric,Manesha Ramesh,Simrat Roopra,Chiran Raj Pandey brought back the trend of wearing socks like King Louis XIV,Anita Shishani 😍,Maximus Nobes does so much with 2 pairs of trousers and 3 shirts. Goals.,Paula Estrada,Kirk Edward Mariano,Vuk Vuković,Mateusz Mach,Hanh Van Nguyen Anisa Shyti,Matilda Mahne you make those dresses rock!,Armaghan Khan,Muneeb AfzalOooh party :vMubasher Iqbal,me!Have the major recently changed or something ? If so those sample schedules might be way off 😕Vuk Vuković,Hahaha Nisala Saheed could she stay with your family? :P,Shahinaz Geneid,Sannia Farrukh,I solo travelled it for 8 days, it's super safe at least in my experience,Hey I’m from Sri Lanka and I can tell you there’s nothing to be worried about solo travelling in SL it’s super safe! And can even be a lot more fun 🙈https://www.thegazelle.org/issue/69/features/driving-license,Rafal CierlicaNo,no,no,my flight is 5am, guess that's a bit late,My flight is 2:15 if you don't mind going a bit early?,No.,Yes!I emailed the NY team responsible for study away students and this is their replynoooooo,Pls help her,#HelpKeziah,SHE WAS SITTING ON IT,{RESOLVED},Clarification: Keziah was being an idiot and it was right under her nose. Thanks for the for the support friends <3 She can study for her final in peace,right under her butt*Someone's working hard tonight,Felicia Annan,I DO,PLS,Me!,Just go you'll be watching tv anyway....... 😮,Me!!!,Gaurav Dewani,Don Sorin Panfile,Meee,YES MEGaurav Pande,Yunho Lee?,Oscar Sapkota,Liene Magdalēna Pekuse?,Sudarshan Singh Khadka can play the drums.,I’d be down if Mr. Pande is,ayyyy,Chiran Raj Pandey,I'd love to,meeee jk hahaThis is utterly disgusting.There are ADNH bikes outside no?,Soaad we need to do our assignment ....,You can always take mine! Take the B-Twin outside A6 Cif you still need i have some!There’s a free and for sale group u can post this in if u want,How much are u selling this for,Anastasija StojchevskaTalk to literally anyone from Pakistan. The average electricity shut down is 6-8 hours every day. I would be happy to talk to you if you want.,Hey. Pakistani here. I've experienced both rural(17-18 hours) and urban (4-6) hour power cuts every day. Would be happy to talk.,Here hahaha and Rogers Iradukunda Isaiah Mwamba,Lol me,Me 🙃🙃,I've had plenty of this experience in Botswana,Me 🖖🏾,I can help!,We get power outages that last to about 3 months after a cyclone. And frequent 'planned outages' due to maintenance too.,Lol hi.,Ghaniba Ali same....See More,some experience in India,some in syria,Mememe,Dhruvi,all the time,We get blackouts in California during the summer,Lebanese here, always.,Yes, Caracas, Venezuela,Gladly. Uttar Pradesh. India 🌟,All the time. Loadshedding in Pakistan was such a routine that my commonapp essay was about loadshedding 😂,Dhruvi Joshi its our time to shine lol,Me. Loadshedding in Nepal is a thing.,Used to have 12+ hours of power cut per day during my high school days.,yes :'(,Me, Honduras!,Me!!,From India. Very frequently,Me,Me,Me too. From Colombo, Sri Lanka,Hey friends!! Thanks for your response! I have either messaged you (Thank you for reading though the tedious message) or sent a friend request (please accept my friend request if you don't mind?) Again you guys are amazing! Thanksss,Electricity? What is this strange beast? I've heard stories, of course, but seeing it in real life commonplace and not subject to disappearance ... that's an NYUAD experience for me :P,Me,Talk to any Nepali. We definitely can help you.,me (:Also did anyone find a sweatshirt?? It belongs to Leonore Wünsche. Plzzz help out your falcon friendzz 😭😭Bump!followingGlobalEd just told me that they will be issued automatically...Thanks to everyone who’s voted so far!! Please keep the votes coming 😀BUMP its for a good cause!!Dayin Wijaya ate Rudy!Enrique Wing,Ming?,Daria Zăhăleanu,Sii!,I amKatie Glasgow-Palmer omfg,Diego González Arciniega,Christine Shao,Vince Nguyen,Nathalie Kozak is half vietnamese!,Thomas Yateshey this is mine, thank you for keeping it <3Rosy Tahan,Alia Albastaki,Me,Me, Aathma Nirmala Dious, Jerome Sajan Varghese and Kaushal Prakash,Maha Toor Hetvi Shah,Nawal Aljaeedi Majid Abbasi,Jaron Oommen Nathan Quimpo Sree Rag Lubnah Ansari,Me,Zain Mustafa,Lujain Ibrahim Mariam Raslan,Me,Me, Praggya Ayshwarya, Khalid El Essawi, Abdelrahman Hassanin, Rama Alhariri,Me,me too!,Carlos Páez,Sohail W. Bagheri,Hey,hi,Lee Hyun Choi Arthur De Oliveira Khaled Alhosani,Me Mark XuJia Bo KhanDiana Zhu,✋🏼,Sohail W. Bagheri,Me!,👾,Me,Me,me,Safa Lateefa Nada Adham,Me,Me!,Me,Yunho Lee!!,Me,Praggya Ayshwarya,Me!,Kaushal Prakash Neha John,Sharif Ibrahim, Siba Siddique, Noor Noor,Keziah Johnson,Mee,Noor Alameri, Yara El Wazir, Yasmin Farhan, Moosa Awad, Hazem Ibrahim and myself,meMichael B Dinku,Rent a minibus and a driver,Denat Ephrem Hikma Taju John Nigatu Henok Taddesse,Yea renting a car and driver is the most convenient option..You might have to bargain a lil bit tho,U can also check out buses that run between different cities..,http://skybusethiopia.com/site/,Would you guys recpmmend getting flights? Apparently they are cheap if you buy from within ethiopia,Hey if you guys need a tour or car rent service let me know. I know some who provide good service. Plus if you plan to use domestic flights, use Ethiopian airlines, it has a discount I think if you buy a ticket from inside the country. I hope you guys will enjoy Ethiopia.,dont get a driver,https://www.nytimes.com/.../addis-ababa-ethiopia-budget...Nikki Joaquin,Hey! I e-mailed immigration about this and they told me to go to their office with my passport. They'll just scan it again and take the application number from the texts and it'll supposedly be good then. There's apparently a mix-up with the visas (something about being given a 3-year visa instead of 1-year) hence the delay (cancellation problem) in the EmiratesID. :),Nick Chaubey,I also emailed them about this, but they never replied, so I went to ask them in-person yesterday. They said that they will need to re-scan my passport. This should've been done asap. It is only after the scanning that the application will be re-activated, which means that the Emirates ID will be delayed by 2-3 more weeks.,I have a similar problem! I started to get messages telling me I needed to go get biometrics done – even though I did this last year and the year before that – and when I asked immigration about it, they said I can only do it once my passport is back (...See More,In short, in your case you'll need to wait for your passport first, Sharon. They'll need to scan it again to fix the Emirates ID issue (I got the text too).,I met with the immigration team yesterday and basically what has happened is that, the Immigration Authorities (i.e. the government) have moved visa application processes to a new online system a couple months ago (This article seems to confirm that ...See More,Ji Young KimU can make one if the arts centre has silicone and clay,You could also possibly cut the leg off of a medical dummy,Sofia Fernandez Santoyo,hey, next to sama there is a medical supply shop. i remember seing legs and other things a couple years back.Itzza Pizza,Waseem Gulam,Freedom pizza, Pizza Hut,Lol you forgot "cheap" restaurant Treunen Maria Natasha 😂😂i have one fake white rose if that helps,I have fake plants,I have fake plants + flowers. What do you mean borrow,I have a real cactus,I have a fake plant,i have a few!,I have fake sunflowers!Not really,Nope.If I were you I would ask them if they can accept instead one of the other 24 minors available here. Maybe they will be fine with that....See More,Yes. I did a double major in Mathematics (primary) and Philosophy (secondary) with no minor. Speak with the registrar, though it’s not in the bulletin I’m pretty sure because I did it they have it saved in their system as an acceptable combination. Otherwise reach out to me and i can let you know exactly how I managed it. It helps if you are passionate about logic.Hey, the Health Promotion Office is going to be doing stuff for Mental Health Week in May. You can reach out to Tina or the office if you wanna help organise stuff!Peter Si,Hossain Md Jihad Turjo,Pratik Maisuria,Nicole Gabriel Dobreva,Ahmad Stingray,Hey! Happy to help if I can,Karma are you serious literally half my life :^),Lateefa Stingray diamond support,Sup I play,I think I'm okay. #justlikeyourcapstoneLove 5 dollar paintings,Hey so I'm not sure about the art center but if you can't find anything else I have a few acrylics and oil pastels I can let you borrow 😊,Mixed Media Studio (Rm. 174)  has some things and you can definitely get more if you go when they have open hours.,Thanks everyone!!Plz someone,Plz anyone haz,It is already waiting for ya,Syntax Error: missing closing bracket of type ']',Jez i haz Josefina Dumay Neder,Naty you're gonna bring about an upper-limit to ROR posts :P,Seyed Mohammad Ahlesaadat don't accidentally offer her cake!,i have oreos if u still want!Can u edit and add life in the universe cause i dont feel like making my own post :),Jeff is teaching a colloquium??? Has this always been a thing?? Tessa Thornton Aravind S Kumar,Future of Medicine is great, would highly recommend,Fatma Al Rahma your time to shine,Keshana Ratnasingham,Hi so if all of your other courses are tough and you want a reaaaally chill course and an easy A then take Water by Awam. He isn’t the most organized but the course material is interesting. You’ll watch movies, videos and read about photography (and also do some of your own). I personally enjoyed the class!,Whatever Debra Levine is teaching just take it,Water is chill afLMAOOOOOOO Madaline,Second this. For the past two years I've noticed that it doesn't really matter if I complete the necessary medical test earlier than everyone, my visa still gets processed later than everyone else (or in my case last year they submitted my visa application pretty late for some reason),Nick,Would love to hear everyone's concerns & connect them with relevant people in admin, send me an e-mail at nc1546,Hanh Van Nguyen,My opinion may be opposite to what everyone else is saying, but I have had good experience with them this year- surprisingly fast service, my passport got back after 2 two weeksAngry reacts only,,Hey, we are so sorry about this! The event has been postponed to November 13th and will be combined with Bubbles for Troubles.Sachith Joseph Cheruvatur,I think keeping it in a dark space is important?,Daniela Rivera Antara seguro es la paloma idiota ☹️,Hey! My fam breeds carrier pigeons and I've got some experience with taking care of the bird-folk. I could go check on him in a bit if you want?,But essentially, because of stuff here it probably flew into a window or something. There's enough water to rule out dehydration.  If you keep it quiet and dark it's got a better chance of recovering from a potentially fatal concusion. Poke a few holes...See More,Abda Kazemi Charlotte Nanyaro Simrat Roopra,The central open area in the ERB has a bird feeder and water. It's also safe from cats or anything that would try to hurt the bird. If you know somebody in the ERB, you could ask if you could bring it in and leave it there to recover so long as it's just in shock and not physically injured.,Consult NYUAD's bird guru and fowl lord and savior Sachith Joseph Cheruvatur,as most birds that are found stunned on campus, they probably flew into the suicide glass. If its eating thats a good sign. Leave it in the dark and in a quiet room for a while, it'll slowly start moving around and eventually flying. Just give it some space. If it doesn't fly, beat it.Me,Sup,Prajna Soni,Me,Hey,Mwah,Meee!,Me,Diego González Arciniega,me,Me + Amal Al Shamsi,Me :'),Lujain :'),Me 😑😑,Yo,I am.,Me,Me 😞,Me,Meh,Mee,Marcelo Sandoval,Me,Roland,OlaHAHAHA you used chur omg,Cassandra MitchellYou can just ask me😂,Ask Kelly Murphy shes awesome,Sam Ixcaragua Ji Young Kim,I have a 2 person tent You can use! Also for equipment you can check Carrefour for wood or anything you'd need (fairly cheap). Jebel Jais in RAK is a nice place for camping in the mountains, also great place for stargazing!!,Sultan Almheiri,Finn Shreya,Antony Tahan what happened to our tent,I explored Ras Al Khaimah last spring, feel free to message me and I can tell you everything about my experience (:,Imtiyaz Hariyani,Kelly Murphy,You can rent sleeping bags from the athletic equipment room. For most places around here, you won't really need a tent since rain is not a concern. Plus, falling asleep under the stars out in the desert is amazing.However, pro tip, make sure you arri...See More,😉I do yes,same,Same,I think spring application isn't for now brotherIt's all yours,Hey, they might be mine. Can you send a pic?Someone posted about green headphones a day or two ago,Benjamin Roberts,Hey, is this it?Hey I'll be coming back from Boston on the 14th, is that okay?http://wojhati.rta.ae/dub/XSLT_TRIP_REQUEST2this shows about 1am,Batuta station,asszem nem megy aznap buszSharjah,Al Jubail Bus stationHey! Would love to help,I can also help! I'm currently helping a Mexican student with his application, so the advices are fresh on my mind 😂,I can help tooCan I get them?,Hey - sorry, someone else asked first :'(,Science experiment?Nada Hatem?,Hey! Yes. Would you like some?Brian Kim,Sasha Rovinska Rashtra Raj Bandar Yana Chala,Hoon Yoo,Alvaro Yañez i believe,Ah Ram Cho,Jakub Aleksander Bartoszewski,Alice Huang,Me!,Hey,Ádám!,Chris WheelerI would😄,Meeeeee! I'm addicted to it!!!,Huda AhmedWhat's bakin' fam.,Get me vanilla extract and I'll do your homework for you,Okay i really can't do that just give me the extract pleaaasee,hey i have some if you still need it!,:(,Stop tryin 2 be mehMirza Mohammed Baig,Kazi Owais Ahmed,Abdur Rehman. Showcase that beautiful voice of yours.,Mubasher Iqbal <3 <3,Farzan Ahmad Khan,Wahib,hmu if you're still looking!,Zain Mustafa,Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq,I'm Bangladeshi, I'm happy to help if need be,Armaghan Khan...oh wait it requires vocalsTu eres una niña,tis in my roomYes!,Me too if it's still available. When will you go?,Me too, if there's anyone else left?,Hey everyone, we're meeting at the welcome centre at 5.30 so we can work out cab-sharing then :)I am interested in that actually! Will contact you,Yazan Al-Ajlouni,Cece Kim Samantha Jasen,Shin Won Kim,Hey do you still have euros?,Firas Atwa Amr Ehab El-ashmouny Zeyad Dahab Adam Sherif el wad dah falat mn el 7okoma 3ndna ezai?Mere paas haiنور البوستس بتاعتك مؤثرة جدا.. احسنت يا بنية,انت مثل أعلي لشباب هذا الجيل.. استمري علي هذا يا عزيزتيHey! For how much?,How much?,for how much,are they still available?Hey we have both, a6b407,Resolved! But i also want a mixing bowl : (I don't have the answer to your question, but if you require some quality fried chicken, my friend Mubasher can help! :),I believe you can take it as a general elective, and it will count toward your 140 credit requirement, but not toward your major/cores/islamic/etc. as long as it is not an on-line course (there's some controversy about the credits count if it is an on-line course),I was of the understanding that you had to submit the form even if it was just for a general elective but I'm not sure where I got that from (also, it only takes like 30 seconds to submit the form right?),You submit the form blank. Just put in the class details.Nope you're on your own,No,Hey! I land at 12.25 at Abu Dhabi. Wil be glad to share a cab :DMegha Bansal Tanya Bansal :),There are definitely ATMs, and they accept our citibank cards, but my information is a year old, so bear that in mind,There are ATMs but you might end up spending a lot on transaction/conversion fees. I would recommend converting here to get a better exchange rate and save up on the citibank transaction fee (AED 8).,^Seconded, it's always better to have cash on hand in India than withdrawing from an ATM. Also, do NOT exchange money at DEL or via "agents" on the street who claim to give you a good deal; airport rates are a ripoff and said agents might give you fake currency.Maria Lucia Sanchez Gomez Fatih Haloglu Gabriela Castro Daniela Rivera Antara Mauricio Yañez Stefano Herrera Lucia Salem Fatule Jose A. Varias Juan Pablo Rossi Diego Sandoval,Hey! This is heartbreaking. Apart from everything Alvaro Yañez mentioned, there's no one else I know about. His picture is going viral though, most of my friends back home are sharing the news, so there seems to be a very active human network being established trying to find him.,Also, I have done the trek that he was saying he was going to do. It's not too dangerous, so I'm hopeful for him having just gotten lost on the way, in which case it's a matter of finding him.,Thank you so much everyone! Really appreciate it. Alvaro, I'll PM you.,Hi Kimi, I'm very sorry to hear about your friend. I've seen him in national news and his disappearance is being spread in social media. I will share this with my friends and family in case they know of someone who could help. Sending you a big hug.???? Why you sell??,Why you buy???,Yohana Mpuyalmaooooo Fatima,Farah Shahbaz matchaaaIt's the activity room closest to StuGov/Nook area, next to Game Room I think,FYI this was a training session. The Pitch for next week's articles is in the glass conference room at the entrance to the library at 4pm on Saturday's for the rest of the semester.i can share a cab to yas,Y u keep going to mall yoMahmoud Raitis Hani Fathur our trip to the Yellow Mountain 😂😂😂,haha, but our story could actually be helpful!,when we were in russian grandpa's kitchen eating bread in pure silence Tessa Thornton Hunter Peterson,Faizan Haider,I once talked to an Iranian smuggler whose job was selling German and Italian passports in Athens, but I couldn't speak Arabic so I didn't know a lot about him :/Mohamed Amine Belarbi,Krishna GaireHey look, all OG squad likesAbd El Wahab @ St. Regis Violeta,Almaz by momo @ the galleria,There's this super shady place called The Cauldron around AD mall/tourist club,shisha place inside the southern  sun hotel is pretty good and they serve drinks too,Sambusek in rosewood hotelLa Fontana Malaga shisha lounge in tourist club area,Katie Sheng,Gabriela Castro Daniela Rivera Antara,Vitoria Midori Ikeda more places to try lol,Yuting Jiang shishaaaaI happen to have a franc in my wallet. Would be happy to give it away :),I have some from Kenya and China,I have a 5 Pakistani Rupee coin.,Ill give some pesos to you tomorrow in FYD!,If you need more Safeya, I have some euros and Kazakhstanis coins.,I have Canadian coins.,I have Moldovan and Romanian coins,I have many different ones that I don't mind giving away,I have few romanian coins:),I have some Croatian Kunas, if you're still looking :),I can give you some from Belarus,I have from Honduras ☺️☺️,Yes! I have krona's and euros :),I might have some from Hong Kong and Uganda,I have from Trinidad and Tobago if you still need 🙂,i gave US cents,I have some Indian rupees :),I have some Bahraini coins,jordanian coins if you want,I have 1 Taiwan dollar if ya want,I have coins from Romania, Bolivia and Chile.,I have some from indonesia, malaysia and singapore,This is so smart 😂,I have mexican pesos,Indian rupees,Paraguayan guaraníes,Danish kroners if you want :) pm,Cuban pesos,bulgarian coins :) pm,i havr Thai Baht if you dont  already have it,I think I have some US dimes and a couple of Canadian coins. I don`t know how to get rid of them anyway, so just pm me if u r interestedLol,Me!I took CS in high school:),Self learnt programmerr,I took a bit of CS in high school,Me!,I took CS in HS as well,same, took a high school course,Middle school,took CS in IB,I had CS classes in primary school.,yep, picked it up as an extracurricular at the begininning of hs.,Hmu - learned Java and MySql in high school, did web design out of interest,I learned some programming for a robotics extracurricular throughout high school if that helps?,I had a programming class in high school,Self-taught in middle school, took it in high school,Played Age of Empires and wrote cheat code if that count,Took it in high school,Aizaz Ansari,Hey. Took it in highschool,Took CS in high school,Took CS in high school,Took CS in hs,CS was a requirement at my high school,had cs in school,Learned C, C++ on my own, did web,high school!,Programmed since early middle school 🙂,QBASIC in middle school,-High school, Java, AP CS.-Summer before college, Python, code academy.Me,Me,Me !!,Me,meee,I'll come to try it out :p,It used to be a SIG before, I'd like to see it return :),Me,Finally!! Yes I would like to join as well if it happens.,Me,Me!,Me,Moi!,me,Le me,Skl428,Hwy242,ra2589,Me ha1111,pvm253 willing to take an arrow to the knee,Sung-min Sohn,Jk5804,hyl392,jsc717,윤예지,yy2345,hrs363,csw360,aj1857,sk6104,I would be interested too. My netid is fls259:),mt3332,qan205,Ss9372,Me! :) mm8658,Dhl392,jy1793,fa1043,Subhekshya?,lhn232,wc1126,gas412,kt1673,aa4267,ms9144,mak905,Mam1485,fa952,Gb1728 Maitha AlsuwaidiAnita Duskova Tereza Petrovičová,Havelská Koruna is a great place with authentic Czech food - super cheap but don't expect anything fancy.,http://lokal-dlouha.ambi.cz - literally means local and is as authentic as it can get - also if you go in the evening you have pretty good chance of meeting half of the czech national ice hockey team,http://marinaristorante.cz/menu/aktualita/ if you want really good views with your pastaNeha John,Pm'd youSqueeze them like you were squeezing your ass at the gym 🍑,Exprimelas con confianza noma,Mateo Cruz ask Ylber Roka,U S E L E S SI'm praying that you'll get one. Do I get cake?,i have a cupcake/muffin tray. Other than that I think Christian Duborg has a baking pan ?,i have two circle cake tins- if you need them you can stop in a5c204,I have a pasta fork, would it work? you can make small muffinsgotta go to welcome center. Give them ur phone number and they send it to u everyweek in a msgyepZeyad Dahab Amr Ehab El-ashmouny,A bunch of students from Nepal (including me) land at 20:00 so you can join us,Anastasia Karavan Sergey Shkurinsky,We may be on the same plane then - there's a shuttle at 9pm and also one at 9.30pm though :),I'm arriving at 19:55. So yeah,we are on the same planeStefan from where did you get your rooibos?,Check Geant at yas mall,Central Souk also has a lot of spice shops that offer herbal and rooibos teas,World Trade Center mall (on the old souk side),  artteas- super high quality loose teas.Vyara Hristova,Dylan Johnson,If you don't know a Kenyan, you will get ripped off and not enjoy it as much,Waseem Gulam,I'm just gonna leave this here: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/.../is-romania-europes...,Armaghan Khan: no more Zanzibar?,Smaranda Ţurlete,MALDIVES. I didn't spend the friday lunch with u for nothing.  U better go there or u won't be able to go anywhere Ali,I've heard India is really ~exotic~ and the visa is very easy to obtain :),Vyara Hristova can host you in burgas and sunny coast hahah,Vyara Hristova i just want to know your opinion,Shebi Niazi-your chance to shine :D,Bulgaria hands down 👌,Dude, pm me. I have so much to tell you.,Romania, just on the offhand chance you can run into these guyshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRx5PrAlUdY,i'd go to romania just to watch this guy livehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0DO0XyS8Ko,While in London my friends and I took our spring break trip to Eastern Europe. We spent the first 3 days in Bucharest and loved it. The hostel we stayed at was tight, and everyone in the city was friendly and open. We took a sleeper train from Buchares...See More,Treunen Maria Natashaplease give this man some bluetac he is such a Q-t,I'll take the Nutella,I have if you still didn't find itNayyirah Waheed and Rupi Kaur,R.M Drake,atticuspoetry,Cleo wade, beau taplin, nikita gill,Michael Faudet and Lang Leav,lang leav,sarah kay and phil kaye,Talha Malik (@tmwritings) --> He lives in Dubai btw,Julián can u think of someone,Savannah Brown,Blythe Baird,Kocevska Matea,rmdrk,noor_unnahar, Christopher Poindexter, Tyler Knott Gregson.,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cn2XPRPmYF0 Mateusz Mach Jakub Aleksander Bartoszewski Stanisław Wilemborek Rafal Cierlica Tomasz Bachosz Jakub Boros,Clementine von Radics,Rupi kaur,you can also follow Vamika, she posts some interesting things,Krishan Mistry,steve roggenbuck, Chelsea martin, lang leav,Alison Malee,@Alex_elle, @elusivemetaphors, @nayyirah.waheed, @najwazebian, @yrsadaleyward, @ishaloona but Now most her poetry is on @ishamhmdwrites. All Instagram btw,@r.h.sin, @samantha.king,Unfiltered, she's amazing. Find her on Facebook,Bo burnam is a poet/ songwriter who got famous on YouTube and Vineplease please will repay you with blueberry cake,PLEASE OMGpls take meEunsu Choi,Following,I feel like i heard/read somewhere that it was in the red theatre but i might ve imagined 🙃,It's in room 006,Yes!! So sorry I saw this so lateOh I might be able to do that, but I need to explain to my parents how the hell I spend all that money, will talk to you later,like if u crie everytime </3,A dónde irás? :),Jensen Wilay Brian Peng accounts payable lelplease just keep an eye out :c,If you don't find it, I can give you one,It's in the dining hall, with the staff at the checkout,They were asking people what it was and I recognized it : ),Told them to keep it for you and gave them your name,Omg can you tell me where you got it from?Vika Blinova (?),Emaan Ahmad (?),Arame Dieng (?),For the ladies tagged on this post, I'm looking for someone to share a 2-bedroom apartment with so message me if you're looking for a nice room in Marina - thanks!,Brian Ndirangu (?)eso se llama falta de Dani Carelli, novio y cariño,Pobre wn,TE ODIO!!!!!!!!SOMEONE HELP THIS BEAUTIFUL SOUL PLEASE,Found it! Thanks to everyone that helped ❤️❤️hey i can send you the pics if you still need them!C2 public safety deskHaha, Emily found a volunteering opportunity; well done!!!!!Olive oil work?,Are you sure you need it for cooking and not for you hair?I have some.Happy Onam 🙌🙌💕😁,Happy Onam!!,Happy Onam!!,Happy Onam!,Indian Social Center usually has an event every year. You could contact them and find out when it is? ( might have passed)kefaya mozakra,Still available?I am!,Keziah Johnson,I am😉,Julia  Tymoshenko,Irina Trușina what about Arabic? )))),Thoughts on the class in terms of workload and grades?,Reema KaialiLook into recent announcement in Students Portal,https://students.nyuad.nyu.edu/announcements/14564,tower of babel :-),But, those are only intermediate or above. Nothing for beginners 😞,Enrique,Information on classes offered by NYUAD won't be available until Thursday next week. If you're interested in peer tutoring, however, please send me a private message and we'll find someone for you 🙂,👐,Shehroze KhanHey, I can send it to you. What is your net ID?Both for 120?,Each is 120,where is this a voucher for?,Martin Doumanov,Fatma Al Rahma Fatima Alaydaroos Asmaa Balfaqih Nujood Faisal Najed Shamsa Al Najjar Noora Alm Aisha Al Dhaheri  letsss !!!!,Qutaiba Al-Nuaimy Mauricio Yañez,Can we get the voucher for paintball ??,Charles Kanyanta ChansaCould I get 1 large and 1 medium towel? And 1 pillow?,Large towel please?,Any towels left?!,Can i get a pillow??,Can I have a pillow?,can I get bedspread bedsheet and duvet?,Hey, can I get a bedsheet and a duvet cover?Please help this poor soul,Araz Aslanian Alberto Castillo,I have some medicine for sore throat,Me me me,i do, from brufen to antibiotics if you still need,strepsils,If you're still in the library, I have advil,Hey guys I think I'm good for now... thanks tho :),Did you and Flavia make out?Daniel Rey,Hey yesssHey dude I saw your box in the lobby of A6B,As well as Ylber's and Fatih's,Thank you Hazem Ibrahim!Bumppp,hey hey, i took this class last January and it didn't have any lab component. Not sure if the professors changed that this year. Also PS: this class only counts towards Data and Discovery. It doesn't satisfy the E or Q requirements(again, based on last year's class)yes,Yes,NoSafe to say this is pretty disgusting. Really no excusing that type of behavior Sorry you had to experience that :( .,I'm really really sorry that you had to face this. Just to clear it up a bit, Did you try and report this to the security officer/ public safety?,Whoever you are, it is in your best interest to stay anonymous because this kind of behavior will NOT be tolerated at NYUAD. Also, Reema or anyone else that has a similar situation feel free to call me, I don't mind dealing with the jokesters.,I'm really sorry you had to experience this :/ NYUAD has been called a "bubble" in a lot of questionable contexts, but if there was one thing I respected about people here (largely) was, at least, a modicum of decency is (largely) granted to other peop...See More,I'm sorry that happened, but shoutout to you for speaking up about it; it's not always the easiest thing to do.,MESS WITH MY ROOMMATE YOU MESS WITH ME I WILL FIGHT YOU 😡,This is in no way excusing the boys or what happened to you, but I wonder whether they are students at all? Our campus is so open and I've come across random strangers on the highline who were definitely not NYUAD students/staff/faculty (because they asked me what building the buildings were called) Considering how strict PS is, it's considerably slack in terms of public access...,But if you know what building it is, and maybe what time, PS must have an access log of who came in at what time!,I'm so sorry you had to go through this and Kudos for speaking up. People like you make all the difference. Hmu if you feel like talking😊,Just wanted to say thank you to everyone who commented/messaged/supported after reading this, I definitely wasnt expecting this much of a reaction but it's been truly amazing all the support I've gotten. This post is what I believe our community is really all about, and I hope that whoever did this read through this thread and saw what our school really stands for ❤️,I'm so sorry that you had to deal with this. Thanks for letting everyone know. Hopefully those people grow up,I am really sorry that this happened to you. And also kudos to you for speaking up about it. I think it is important that we as a community condemn any form of harassment, especially sexual harassment. Having said that, NYUAD is not immune to sexual ha...See More,Reema, this isn't okay at all. I am truly sorry for all that has happened. Please know that you have a whole lot of us supporting you and please feel more than free to reach out to any of us. We're here for you.,Just a reminder (to everyone!) that if something like this happens to you, you don't have to report it right away - as long as the people involved still attend the university, you can choose to report at a later date when you feel ready to do so. You d...See More,This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable. As an incoming freshman who came to this university expecting for it to be a safe space and somewhere I can speak my mind and be comfortable how I am, it utterly disgusts me to see this happening on my ve...See More,Ever find their faces, we'll go punch them together Reems,Maybe they were just some innocent freshmen who wanted to know where upperclassmen chill on weekends and wanted to hang with the cool kids?,Hey, as a freshman I think I speak for all of us when I say none of us would tolerate this behavior, especially if it came from one of ours and we stand by your side equally when it comes to rooting out and dealing with this sort of behavior.The issue has been brought up to the Dean of Students office. This is something that's a governmental policy and not an NYUAD one. If you know the name of a particular article on one of these websites, you can request it from the library. Marie-Claude Hykpo can speak more on this.,This is a violation of our academic freedom and is not even in grey zone between academic freedom & freedom of speech. 'Unrestricted access to internet' is one of the most fundamental aspect of academic freedom. Even at NYUSH, I was able to access Dalai Lama's website without any problem.,Yeah, I have real issues with this - mostly because the argument that it's a "governmental policy" makes zero sense whatsoever. The point of our academic freedom agreement with the government is that websites and content that would otherwise be blocked under "governmental policy" aren't blocked for us. Has anyone actually mentioned this aspect of it to the Dean? Cheers!,IF IT KEEPS BEING SO ANNOYING, AND IT IS FOR YOUR CAPSTONE, AND THE ONLY ANSWER THEY GIVE IS"IT IS THE LAW WE CANT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT" there must, or there ought to be a way you can formally request a semester in NEW YORK during your senior year. if ...See More,Arab women organization worked for me on eduroam, to connect I think u have to use your full nyu email (with nyu.edu) and password,Hi friends, don't panic quiiiiiite yet, we are working on it. The administration is on our side on this one and trying to find a solution soon,mm this has been a debate since I was a freshman. no real policy or clear red line has been drawn.  complaciency will end up hurting everyone. its been 8 years since this univeristy is here, and they havent found a solution. im not saying panic, but an...See More,Temporary fix: download AnyConnect, turn on your VPN with another site's VPN url e.g. Sydney's or Shanghai's, and you should have access. Worked every time for me :),DotVPN also works on chrome and is free. Although this is no excuse to whats going on ! I remember vividly in my candidate weekend how much they bragged about the values this university holds up to in terms of academic freedom and how they ensured issues like this will not come up during our time here! I feel students are afraid to speak up to such a problem which is a very alarming sign!,Also, keep in mind that using the VPN or proxy is illegal by these same UAE laws...so, as Roberto has said, there needs to be a statement from the university on where that line is drawn for us.Casual vacancy gone!,Can I get the Blood of Flowers ?,Can I please have the tiger's wife and a room of one's own? 😋,Can I get the two magician-something books?,Save How to be a woman for me Nada!,Can I please get For one more day?,Hey can I get the how to approach the quran one please?,Can I get the two "guild wars" books (since they're on same series) if not I'll take the "Ghosts of Ascalon".,the Murakami book please? :),May I please have The News Where You Are?Dima Ciucium !!!,Hey,Can i have it,Sold?bhr248, saxophone,hc2347 bassssss,ac6819 piano/guitar-ish,Manesha Ramesh!!!!,I'm bad at everything and i like to sing weeb shit all the time la1475,How about singing? nam625,Singing! dg2798,eam719 violin/singing,if you need violin or average piano playing hmu :),lmt459 adequate beginner drummer :),Symphonic percussion sdh381 (pls don't make me play the kit :) ),Singing! :) daj332,vs1693 flute!,jgu207 flute 🙂,lwc256 violin and some trombone,and378 violin 🙌,singing // vrc255 ☺️,sh4370 -i occasionally sing?,mo1414 bass,Singingg aa5254,is1363 Piano!,Singing - Disney <3 nd1324,Singing.... smc828,Aef450 ! Harp (the thing is I won't have it until december),*****Hey guys!! Check the email! XD*****,Misa Morikawa 虚見ないの？Suraiya Yahia our team tshirts were the best (if not for the typo),Yi Yi Yeap I need to design jerseys for the Biking Team at AD. Help me??,Julius Grüner?Hello!!!,could i get the car one pls!!!,Me pls!,i dont want a mug but those are very cute,ME pleaaaase! The one with Adams, please?,I CALL THE BP ONE PLZ,hi,I LOVE MUGS <3 Is the go to life one still available?,hiwhat,WHAT!?!?,and student tickets are 50aed each? :|,Actually though it was in an email...,Ask one of the tech staff to sneak you in?,I guess we have a new reason to become friends with Bill...,wtf,I think NYUAD students are free.,The 50aed might be for external students only.,Yes they are. But there still should be a free student option.,well if that's the case there doesnt seem to be an option to do so on their usual website...,Is it too shocking to be paying for a show?,Is it weird that I suddenly wanna start attending their events now that they cost money?,There was an e-mail a while ago saying they'll start charging for some shows for sustainability :(,it doesn't seem like going on a laptop makes a difference Hennie Grace :'(,Link to community (i.e. free) performance is on the Student Portal! Only one showing tho..."Dear Friends...See More,The link works now!!! :D,It says in the post that it's free for NYUAD students. "To continue encouraging audiences to explore less familiar artists and art forms, we are setting prices at an accessible level: 100AED for adults and 50AED for youth and (non-NYUAD) students. There will be no charge for NYUAD students. Invited groups - such as classes - will also receive complimentary admission for both students and their professors.",Amel Yagoub,Hey guys so heres an official update:NYUAD students WILL continue to get free tickets to the Art’s Center shows. Right now they are in the process of transitioning to a new ticketing system and the student ticket pricing got a little messed up. If you...See More,Update: Book your tickets for Compagnia TPO's FARFALLE. NYUAD student tickets are complimentary (limited capacity)As many of you may have heard, The Arts Center's ticket policy has changed and we have begun charging for tickets to select shows. The t...See MoreDefinitely a Katya question. Also you wouldn't be able to do a J-term based in AD with an international trip.,I believe it said something on the application about not being able to take a J-term if you were on a leave of absence, but of course it could be that exceptions could be made, you never know,Hey! If you take a leave of absence, return during j-term is not allowed. It's an NYU policy that they clearly state. :) Good luck!Kaashif Hajee,Can I have one as well, please? :D,Same! Is anybody selling?,Lucas Davidenco,Looking for one too please!,Looking for one too please too!,I'm also looking for a ticket if anyone is selling!,Feels good that i'm not the only one. Looking for a ticket <3,hey guys! i have two tickets if anyone wants to buy! :)Yep,I am as wellthis is the cutest cat ever omg,Aya,Aya Afaneh if only,Sobha Gadi Farah Sadek pls,Awahnee Mendis :(,Tina Kim 😥😭,Maeda please 😭😭,Perhaps share this post on Saadiyat Swap? There are post graduates there and nyuad staff folks who might be willing to help out,Ghaniba Ali!!!Killian Dumontian Everett PruettI have one and I don't think I'll be going.,I have 2 if anybody needs them,Anyone else? PleaseLol I go to A2B to do my laundry,Hey Abdullah, we're already in talks with Facilities + ResEd about this particular issue. There'll be an update as soon as some progress is made. (Kelly Murphy anything I missed that you want to mention?),lol memories Ria GolovakovaHey Sneha! (Sorry for not being helpful but...) can you send me the syllabus for this class!?I can help ! Pm me 😁😊,Hey Nabiha!  Don't hesitate to contact me would love to help you! 😀,Natalia Cruz,Ali Nosherwan Hamed,Jorge Guiracocha is an expert,Don Cho this is ur chance to shine :),Rodrigo Luque,Sneha Gyawali,Sugandha ShuklaAsk at the equipment centre?,Rashtra Raj Bhandari Raunak Shrestha,cyacle is a UAE based renting company,Hey! Message me! We are busy servicing the bikes and getting a new borrowing system in place! You should have access to them in a weeks time! However, if you are a serious rider and want it for purely athletic purposes, you can contact us and we can arrange a bike for you for a longer period.Taj Chapman?,Jacob Chagnon,Jocilyn EstesMarie-Claude Hykpo,Hey! I'm happy to answer any questions you might have!,^same hereYAYYYYY,OMG YES THANK U,Where is it???,Hey it's with me ...,RESOLVED thank you to everyone involved I will try to never lose my id againi have nothing to offer but i want cake,yes, but in a6bI can beat u in taekwondo any day,I know Zoey is getting pretty good,Not currently a SIG but they had it as a PE class 3 semesters ago...I think it was canceled due to low turn out,Yoonhoo Elise Chang <- really good at taekwondo :DD,Yoonhoo Elise Chang can kick all asses in taekwondo,Simon MyungGun Seo Ah Ram Cho lol,Simon MyungGun Seo Ah Ram Cho Yoonhoo Elise Chang can I ask you how you were able to continue doing Taekwondo at school?? Thank you Seonbaes :),Yoonhoo Elise Chang 누나 실력은 익준이한테 많이 들었어요 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋor coloured pencils,PLEASEEE,I have a paint set and brushes you can borrow,hey simran! hope you're having a good afternoon! what are there supplies for? :)I just had to deal with that today. Come to any Etisalat store and come with your passport because you will need to show them your residence visa. They will have to reactivate your number and it costs 55 aedtheres an email on each of the papers on the rooms' doors,Does anyone know the email address?Zsófia Sveiczer,Hey:) it's me!i have vanilla extract,ShinWon, Don'tDtrust Nour with his cupcakes. Lend him the ingredients, but don't take his cupcakes,I have some cupcake holders!Tanya BansalNatalie KopczewskiCristina Lupușor,,Daniel Rey,Rodrigo LuqueMilano!!!??? From Milan!??? :O,They were pretty shoes!,Found it. It was in his room.The office of community outreach!,Lol, I'm actually working with them, and because Suparna is out of the office, they need to know who actually cut them up.😭😭😭😭 I was thinking someone in the arts department? Thanks tho!!!,Vic knows!,Or you can ask Coach Wayne, I think he did it for the first breast cancer awareness campaignif you have the budget https://www.bose.com/.../headphones/wireless_headphones.html,Apple EarPods #cloutgang,Sony Mdr 1abt,Bose soudsport. In ear, but not buds. Beats X.,jaybird x3,I have the Awei 880bl and it's pretty good, especially if it's just for working out - it's also like 90 aed :),Taotronics. Best 100 aed I ever spent,Yazan Al-Ajlouni,apple earpods experience is very nice,if you are looking for ones that work well in the gym, bose soundsport 2 are great!Fahad Ahmad,Yep,Thank you!Yazan Al-Ajlouni, you are the hardest working man i know in this world,people, this man worked more hours than a banker,a total catch,am i right Fatih Haloglu?,If you have your old passport with you you could show them the residency on the old one,Hey, I did it three weeks ago. Just come in with your old passport and show them your new one. If they ask you for more information, school told me to show them our NYU ID card because they are aware of our arrivals.,Guys I dont have my old passport with me thats the issue?!,Will Emirates ID work as a proof of residency? Vuk Vuković,Could you try getting someone to send a picture of your residency visa in your old passport to provide extra 'proof'?Monday for nails, tuesday for hair. But that's for Studio X. Might be different for YHey pm mehey! here if you need an RA/to be put in touch with another,Hi, here as wellIt's chill,100% recommendgimme 5,Also, if anyone has access to this paper as well, if you can send it my way: http://www.readcube.com/articles/10.1038/laban0211-53 . I would appreciate it immensely :DD.,Sci-hub.acRaunak Shrestha was this mine?Katarina Holtzapple?,Usually, physical therapy-which helps almost the same I believe- gets prescribed by a doctor and then it's covered by insurance too. Go to a doctor. Doctor Khoury at Al Noor Hospital Airport Road Branch is the best but he has a huuge waiting for appointments (like we're talking weeks and months) but you can always go for a walk in appointment and just wait and you'll probably get something that day.,Feel better!!Omar,#legendstatus,Shannon Fonseca 😄,Zeyad Dahabzizo el mug beta3ak we 5osh eshrb ma7al el ahwa kolaha 😂, 3ayzak teshrab ahwa tekafeek 5 sneen odam fahmny😂😂,Leonore Wünsche i dont think this will help your addiction in any way,Artem -you still have your monster mug? Now is time to take advantage of it,Stephen Underwood does your display from "The Raw Place" include vegan Mylk or only their cold pressed juices? Thanks!Tomorrow onward last I checked from the bookstore.,Hannah TaylorI went to public safety (A4 firsr floor I think) and they printed me a new one with a later expiry date. This was last year, not sure if it's still what we're supposed to do tho!Sandro Stjepan Vuk,why do people always skip bosnia smh - cheapest, wildest, funnest tell ur friend to go to sarajevo if nothing else, Sandro and I can provide tips on night life if nothing else lol,In Croatia check out Zagreb and Zadar, they are beautiful, fun and not so expensive. Tbh, Dubrovnik is a bit overrated in my opinion... Very crowded and quite expensive.Definitely go to Sarajevo in Bosnia, it is one of my favorite cities in the world....See More,Ana Karneža your time to shine,Should go to split its a serious port,Liam Meier,Montenegro's the best and not too mainstream. Though I might be biased. Would recommend Ljubljana, Dubrovnik (or in general Croatian coast) and Kotor (Montenegro), alongside Budva if they wanna explore the nightlife. Staying in the bay (the Boka Bay around Kotor) is just amazing on its own and something I haven't seen elsewhere and I did a fair bit of traveling,Hey! It depends what you prefer but I'll just copy a message I've sent to a friend couple of months ago. He had a different idea how to spend his vacation so I altered it for him but maybe you could use it as a reference. In Montenegro we have a bunch ...See MoreAma870,vnb220,La1589,dw1949,jms1595,gg1720,Flavia Cereceda time to make the wealthy elites become wealthier #EconomicGrowth,nmt298,mo1414,sfz219,kwl319,jb5593,mi970,Waqar is ka bohat scope hai,jph422,nas601,ccp347,acn300,Zmd221,ara491,mma525,jk5804,lwc256,sys341,Shw315,asb669,Jakub,ns3774,ap5275,aea457,ms9067,Use SIG funding to make Bitcoin Miners lel,Fa1043,da1866,Peter can I just make you my financial advisor?,jpf409,yvb207,ys2464@nyu.edu,drf325,vc1238,doa231,hs3470,kt1673,me1553,Fms306,dw1971,Hey everyone, thank you for your enthusiasm. I guess we may have enough people to launch this! If you haven't commented your netID yet but would still like to be a part of this, please fill in the spreadsheet below....See More,orb237Attitude Dance Club offers salsa classes! Talk to Waseem Gulam,And there are a myriad of bachata socials off-campus!,Flavia Cereceda is a salsa master dancer!,We do every semester! You don't have to register online because it's not for credit. All you have to do is show up every week. I did both salsa and bachata for a year now PM me if you want to know more:)),Ah so cool 😍,Thank youu for the replies, guys 😊,Salsa classes yes, the gym offers Zumba classes, bachata sometimes the school organizes events. If at some point you want to practice more let me know I love dancing these styles,Hmu if you want to know of some social places to zouk/bachata/salsa off campus.Ilona Szekeres Katarina Holtzapple,I quite like NYUAD's Instagram handle, you might want to check it out. 😊,I have some photos of the highline you can use if you want, they were taken on my DSLR :),I'll send some over later today!,I have some pics. How would you like me to send them?sfk288,al3989,san362,li431@nyu.edu,asb669,ska323,st3232@nyu.edu,aa5815@nyu.edu,mao476@nyu.edu,jhe251,alb747,jek537@nyu.edu,stm378,jmp907,mg4945,zs694@nyu.edu,mff292,smg721,klk447@nyu.edu,Gah341,sp4494,msm622,sg4547,Skl428,asd496@nyu.edu,and378@nyu.edu,vdw219@nyu.edu,Akk414@nyu.edu,pmr355@nyu.edu,nn965,,OMG coolest SIG wish I was still at NYUAD so I could attend,hdm251,ska299,Search for my netid and add me to the sig,mjr612, and what day of the week will we do this semester?,kwy225,mhm431,hea252,aef450@nyu.edu,hk2473,sa4339,this sounds so cool salman!,sk5838,jk4704,nel267,sfp247,edg318,Mk5915,Den254Brian Kim literally your time to shine,Me 🙂,Hello!,Keira Simmons?,Yes but I'm Korean👀,me!!!,Yep,Ya,Saka Naka she is a heavy user,I'll pm you guys soon if that's alright with you :)David Lee Mohammad Mahfouz,Maha Toor,Raha Highschool is popular too,Yasmin Farhan Yara El Wazir Yousteena George,Al Yasmina school  is a "really good" British school,Abu Dhabi International Private School has both the British system and IB system and is not as expensive relative to other private schools in Abu Dhabi.www.aisschools.com,Iman Zambasri,What's their budget, that's the important question..I think the biggest thing I've found is that our experiences and where we're all coming from is very diverse and varied. Students on this campus come from all over the world and comprise different socioeconomic backgrounds, are of different sexual orie...See More,Most class conversations only consider the more liberal views but i would like it if profs. made a bigger effort in making everyone feel safe and encouraged to speak their opinion. I've never really heard "the other side" when talking about more intense/political subjects and I had one class where the professor got annoyed that someone felt different about the subject.There's a form on student portal that you have to submitEmail storage and cc that friendHope you find it budMy advice would be to wait until after the math placement test !,Ju Hee Noh?,Alia Ozair Robert Gordon Ji Young Kim,There's already a post on RoR about this FYWS. Search the group :)Laurence Lewars isn't server hosting your area of expertise?,IDK if this is exactly what you want but if you sign up for Github Student you get $50 free Digital Ocean cloud hosting credit,And I have a few stickers that say "My other computer is Amazon EC2" that you can put on your laptop if you want them,I think you can get free stuff on Azure if you submit your NYU email in their Microsoft Imagine page.,Our network engineers have local storage available as a server you can access remotely. I know for sure it's possible to get it for your research, but not sure if it's possible otherwise.,Thank you everybody! Especially you LaurenceThe SLICE (spiritual life and intercultural education) Office leads a few workshops during Marhaba and they offer ICCT (intercultural core competence training) as well as Sustained Dialogue throughout the academic year.  Alta Mauro [atm3@nyu.edu] and Eric Rothman [er115@nyu.edu] would be the people to contact for more info.,Does it really take a university sanctioned student group for you to sit down and talk to your peers about who they are, where they come from, and what they believe?,Also, FYD is a great opportunity to touch on these things and have these conversations in a safe space. I'm sure not everyone's experience with their FYD groups was great or comfortable, but mine was, and we talked about/discussed a lot of different cu...See MoreTry using a paper clip,I have it!,IT has one...they'll do it for you,I have some pins.. they work fine too!Feel free to message me, I can answer your questions!,(It's a great course in my opinion, in case you are wondering),Batu Emma,I personally didn't like the class too much because I found the name to be a bit misleading. As in, I was expecting much much more tinkering with pre-existing objects. (breaking the circuits if you will) The course was mostly built on creating musical ...See More,10/10 recommend if you want fun and want to learn basics about soldering and electronics. not an engineering approach but a more DIY hacker/maker approach. i had fun,oh but maybe it's too playful for freshman year hahaha. maybe better to take "serious" classes to "figure out major" Emma Kay Tocci can give freshman perspective,Hello yes it was definitely a fun course, and not too stressful in terms of workload or anything as long as you understand the class. Jonathan is super chill and it was great getting to learn how to solder and the basics of electronics. That being said...See MoreDaniel Rey 👀😬😭,Brian Kim,I highly recommend Dignity and Indignity. It's a great philosophy course, the discussions are very interesting and the professor is very helpful, although sometimes she tends to monopolize the conversation. Other than that, it's an easy A course, pretty easy workload- wise, with only 2 essays to write: one as a midterm and the other as a final.,Yes, like Daria said, Dignity and Indignity was definitely a chill class. The topics and discussions were interesting; the readings are heavy (but no one did them lol); and the grading is rather lenient. She does tend to monopolize the conversation and try to prove her point but still in a respectful manner.,Do either of you have the syllabus for Dignity and Indignity? Would love if you could forward it to me. sg5189,Rida Maryam Zafar, Ghaniba Ali for Indigeneity,Mark is awkward and adorable but the class is boring and you spend an excruciating amount of time talking about indigenous plants and not enough time talking about indigenous peoples (he might have changed the structure of the course since then). Also,...See More,Thank you for the reviews! :),Mahnaz is the kind of professor you either hate or love. She speaks in an awkwardly artistic way and I think that puts some people, who find it a bit pretentious, off. I found her amazing though. She is very well argued and therefore difficult to disag...See More,Mahnaz is great! She explains complicated texts in a manner that is so easy to understand. This means that if u pay attention in class, take good notes, there is nothing to worry about!,Subhekshya Shrestha Manesha Ramesh,Indigeneity: You get a sensible amount of  readings relative to other classes. He is very chill about extending deadlines. But his assignments are very vague and impossible to do to the  best of your ability. It may have changed now though. But, I did learn a lot  about indigenous people and plants. Although I didn't particularly enjoy the classes, the  content has stuck with me.,Senanee Abeyawickrama your time has finally come,Feel free to PM me if you haven't decided yet :),Saad SultanHey Alex I'll be here in ny till then and would love to have those books!Ansari Exchange at Yas Mall was pretty decent. Cant speak for the other two.,The one in chicago airport is apain to find and doesn't have very good exchange rates. AD airport was good but if you can wait to go to yas mall their exchange usually has better rates,Thanks y'all!!,Definitely would not recommend exchanging in any airport,Yas mall,As I understand, all legal exchange offices in the UAE are required to charge the same rate. The dirham is fixed on the value of the US dollar and the rate should be 3.68 aed-usd and 3.65 usd-aed if I remember correctly,I'd recommend changing on campus with other students,Yas mall exchanges usd for 3.65 aed I believe, which is probably the best rate one can getJames Pearce?,I personally really disliked this class and Anderson's teaching style. The content was confusing/pointless and i kept getting hit with Anderson's ego whenever we disagreed on anything. He also seemed reluctant to give me any meaningful advice on how to...See More,Ey ey! It's not my absolute favorite class, but I really liked it! The class is about development, poverty, power dynamics, globalization. The work load is not chill (as is every FYWS), but it is definitely lighter than most classes. He is pretty awkwa...See More,Message me! I absolutely loved the class and the professor but I know I'm an odd ball,For me, the topic of the class was not my area of interests but I did enjoy learning what the class had to offer. The class discussions were a little haphazard at times (for example, the discussions wouldn't finish on time and we wouldn't reach a concl...See More,Shivani Mishra Gayathri Satheesh Kazi Owais Ahmed Doovaraha Maheswarasarma,I didn't like the class in the beginning but the professor was ready to tweak things a bit. Like Diya said, the plenaries weren't pleasant. He was kind of lost in the beginning. That being said, he actually cares about your ideas and the  way you express them. Really helpful when you are working with your main essays (he read my drafts thrice). The class is a bit awkward but nice.,There isnt much to add to the comments above. I hated the class in the beginning and found it hard to grasp the readings but sachi helped me out during that period. But once i got used to his style of teaching i found it easier and towards the end i came to really value what i learned from the class. That being said the plenaries were boring and i missed a few of them.,Hetvi ShahCan you also please add me to the convo Bhavna? Thanks,Martin Slosarik,Sahan does something with environment.,Hey, yes 😀hello ana basaweelk balash,Alexandra Markova,Reem Almenhali ?,Mubasher Iqbal,Hey i can help,Nsala SaheedHey, this previous post about one of his classes has some reviews: https://m.facebook.com/groups/154302261314403?view=permalink&id=1473204142757535To add to that, I haven't taken a class with Jonny (so I can't speak about his teaching) but he's awesome; one of the nicest people I've met and was really helpful with me throughout the past year!,Jonny is so cool, one of the nicest and easiest professors I had last year. If you do the work, you'll do well! He's really understanding and if you don't get something, he'll help you. Also, he's really passionate about what he does and was always impressed by the things his students came up with.,My opinion is that he's really awesome and I've thoroughly enjoyed the two classes I've taken with him. ^^,Coolest professor ever. He interchanges between being a five year old and being an adult so seamlessly,didn't take a class, but i did attend a workshop with him and he was really great, especially when i sliced my hand open twiceThrow it into a random room and scream 'Breach!',Too much brazzers and fetlife,Martin Smit and I had the same problem with our S7s.. No success fixing them though so let us know if you figure it out!,Time to take out the marshmallows Flavia Cereceda,Flash another ROM with a different kernel on it. YouTube has all the info you need.,It feels ur temperature while u use tinder 24/7,Try updating Android?,hey guys, thanks for all your help... Cecilia Figueroa Arrivillaga and Martin Smit (and anyone else) I fixed the problem. followed these steps from http://wccftech.com/how-to-hard-reset-galaxy-s7-and.../ :It will delete your data and apps, but my  phone is working better now than everthis got be confused for a bit,i'll give you recommendations very soon,Jocilyn Estes  and Nela Noll know a wonderful deserted drug den if you need one,To eat: Jacinto (located in Ciudad Vieja), Don Andres (El Prado), Mimoso Bar (Great chivitos and a 2x1 on Wednesdays on the whole menu), Bodega Bouza (great wineyard and restaurant just 20min outside downtown), Escaramuza (tell her to try the chocolate volcano!), Credo Cafe, Heladeria del Abuelo (amazing dulce de leche ice cream),Pablo PacareuHey, maybe you can try in the "Bulgarians in UAE" group,Boyan Stoychev you go home for a week, or maybe even swing by Lithuania?? :),Theodore TenevWhen I emailed the finance office hey said that the cards would be automatically renewed the month of expiry by the bank,Wait u thought its august included,They will send us the cards to wherever we are apparently,thanks guys!,Usually, card's expiration date includes the month of expiration. My citi bank card is until August, which means it is until August 31. It works by now.mjr612,hb1151,Hey thank you for taking the initiative! I'm very interested to find out more about the families and children (and donate of course): wm883 "...while the rest don’t want to send their families and children to Pakistan because of security issues." Thi...See More,jhe251,kdh313,Tg1407,daz261,jmp907,rmz246, I'd love to help out in any way I can. Thank you so much for doing this! :),Hma323,an1665,ms9067,ek2399 and bd1185,Lqg206,ri535,I'd love to hear about any further information you've received from the journalist/PAD, but in the meantime, vc1051 :),fam295,ss8175,fak250,Wyk216,stm378,Ra1723,Ydc223,Den254,As10505,aa5254, I'd love to help in any way I can! :),hln236,ms8390,ljw296,yz3575,rb3598 Thanks for doing this,au534,pyc283,gb1728,Mt3316,mff292,mra422,Amb1230,pet240,sfk288,tj677,sfp247,mha315,yvb207,aa5389,Ask633,mt3312,ma3585,mh4047You can get blocked by the CDC?,WHAT DID YOU DO??? :D,They have different levels like of things you can do that are outside professional conduct, usually like reneging on a job offer or something, that have different punishments. I think lowest level is not being able to apply to or search for jobs for a month and then highest level is being blocked from Careernet for a full year. I think they have them all listed on student portal but I can't remember where I saw it,I got blocked for a month when I didn't follow through with my F1 volunteering commitment. To unblock I needed to write a letter of apology to the management team. I don't think it's a big deal or had any long term repercussions. It's just mad annoying especially if you get blocked during recruiting season.,Lol, u being a bad global leader nonoTomorrow as well?,Yes, but we'll only be here from 10am-noon tomorrow,BUMP! Get you tix guys!Infidel,Baby sit me angieeee 💔💔,I'm confused, vas a nyc?SeyedAbhijai Alex,Check out spareroom ( google it, cant remember the exact url)Shreya Shreeraman?,What is the workload and grading like?Heath Ledger took lessons from Mubasher (It's scary how good he is),Kamel AlSharif,laish males,I'm down,Dibs on villain,this is a lie its for her youtube channel shes gonna make u all memesI have oneWe don't get boxes this time around- just the storage unit itself. I'm personally getting some large plastic ones from Daiso etc to organise my stuff properly.,So we only have one storage unit to pack everything in? I thought we were told we would get one box and one storage unit,Following,FollowingHarshini Karunaratne?,sorry, I took Elementary Italian II and I don't have the book with me :/I think I have the university physics and maxwell's equations ones,Do you need them next semester?its called commencement :)Amer ?,Sarah Daherfollowing,i think i read a suggestion about asking a professor-if that isnt too far fetchedWant mine? I have a spare set.might b,i have!Hey I have a cardboard one. A5B 414,MEEE nnooooo,omg VICKYI think on the 19th? (for students not staying for commencement or summer course) and 25th for graduating seniors. Will confirm.,following,Copied and pasted from comment thread: Hey y'all, sorry for the delay. They're working on the wording for the announcement rn I think, but a post on Student Portal is coming soon. Those who are currently in AD and are graduating or staying for summer t...See More,My bad guys, Spring meal plans expire on the 20th. We received an installment of 14 swipes and 165 dining dirhams for this week, which will expire on the 20th.If you're an RA, a graduating senior, have paid for commencement housing, or are staying fo...See More,for seniors will campus dirhams roll over through next week like usualHey, thinking theater is a theater major requirement it was usually taught by another professor so this is Prof Ziter's first time teaching the course I thinkI'm pretty sure the IM Lab owns a few Vives and Vive controllers.,The library has around 10 Oculus Rift devices... not sure if you can get access without needing it for a class (we had rented them out for a course in fall),The IM department has 3 sets of controllers and headsets.,Thanks for the replies yall, Ill check it all out when im back next semester!Following,Kristina Stanković,Hey! I'm taking it soon and I've been (trying to) prep for a couple of months. If you want any info, PM me— I'll try responding fast :),Hello! I'm planning to take it this winter :) I've just been doing a fuck ton of practice tests and working on reading speed.,Lol I actually have an lsat prep book dear, do you want to borrow it when you come back? ❤️,The PTs are available in the CDC for checkout. Otherwise there should be ways to download them from the internet illegally 😂 or to buy them from the internet like Amazon,I used a couple of tutoring services like ManhattanPrep where I did in person and live tutoring, neither of which was very helpful. I personally preferred the online courses I later enrolled in 7sage and Blueprint. 7sage is great for logic game help bu...See More,David Deokhyun Kim you might find this post usefulHealth and Wellness has some, you can grab condoms from there for free.,You can get them shipped for free from Norway at https://www.gratiskondomer.no/glid/,*XS,@Jillian,Oh wow. Someone's in need.,Wait...What... U can just stop by my room.,Alberto Castillo ask the master himself.,i need,Daniel Obaji,Hoe-zé, there's a room full of em in the health and wellness center,health and wellness, literally any pharmacy or grocery store in AD, you can also order them for free online from condom usa if you're really looking for something specific you can't find here?,,JajajjaajjajajajajajajjajajajajjajajajjajajajajajjajajajajajhajajajajajjajabajjahajajahjahaIf someone is planning to apply for the DC scholars program, I can totally help with my essays as well :),stop pimping out your sister Ilonai have a pdf version of it if you want,You could borrow my copy for the meantime if u wantI believe (to the extent of my knowledge) that there are water dispensers in the 2nd floor lounge of every residential building.,Thanks Hala! I was aware of those, since they were there before the ban. Was just asking if any additional ones were added on residential floors, not lounges, since the Sustainability and Ecoherence committees said that they will explore the possibliity of adding additional water stations across campus when the decision was announced :),hydration is very important I know, but im confused as to why this is a concern of yours at the moment,Idk last time I checked you are still an NYUAD student while studying abroad,I believe Amer Nasr can talk on behalf of this issue,in that case, Hadeel Marzouq should also be checking if they still serve fries and chicken nuggets at the dining hall,I believe fries and chicken haven't been banned yet so she has nothing to worry about 🙃,Kelly an additional concern aside from the prioritization of academic buildings over residential ones is that perhaps the decision should have been executed after the installation of additional water stations across campus. Sorry for dealing with this over Facebook, I do realize it won't yield many results, but I will gladly bring it up during GA in the fall semester,Kelly Murphy will student government be providing camelbaks for students who don't have their own water bottles?,Also although there should be an incentive for people to drink from their reusable water bottles, there should be more alternatives for people during the hot summer (especially with visitors on campus) to purchase their water plastic bottles. #BringBackAlAinWater,Also, while the issue of water stations across campus hasn't been fully addressed yet, maybe other issues should have been tackled first such as the lights being left on 24/7 in academic buildings and sports stadiums (I am not saying we shouldn't do so...See More,Anastasija Stojchevska i think you raise some valid concerns that resonate with a lot of people i've talked to in the past few months! Kelly Murphy could you actually explain the chronology of the ban more thoroughly? am i right to assume that ecoheren...See More,This water ban is the most ridiculous thing that had ever happened at nyuad.,Also, having 5 or 6 water dispensers at one place (like in D2 or the marketplace) doesn't make much sense. Instead, you can let 1-2 dispensers remain there and move the rest to the residential buildings and the library.,Thanks for raising your concerns as well guys, I will add them to the list of arguments :),I agree with many of the points above, I just wanna add, as Bence also said in a comment above: Tap water is very very drinkable, I drank like nothing but that water for 1.5 years and I know many others did as well.This doesn't make your concerns completely irrelevant but I do certainly think it makes them much less urgent.,I've lived in the UAE my entire life and not once has it ever been said that tap water is drinkable. so i mean if u wanna drink it and others that's cool but as far as im concerned that water is not officially safe and hence the argument still remains urgent,http://www.thenational.ae/.../the-many-myths-of-the-uaes... ??When you google it people say that it may affect taste (though I personally have not noticed that like Bence, but fair enough if you do) and NYUAD also informed us tap water was drinkable when we arrived,I am sorry but no articles or claims that you post will change the fact that the tap water in the last two rooms I lived in came out yellow. If you are convinced that it's safe and tastes the same, by all means continue drinking it but don't reduce the...See More,Hmm okay, fair enough, I would also be very skeptical if my tap water was literally yellow. I've never experienced that so can't really comment on it, facilities or other bodies weren't of any help? (but that's probably also a longer conversation so ne...See More,Sorry, I don't think I was clear enough regarding the Ecoherence statement  - I was referring to the fact that they didn't follow up on it once the decision was executed. As for the tap water coming out yellow, no, I didn't bother contacting facilities...See More,anyway, the uni did say it was drinkable, and then suddenly announced it wasn't. like either it is or it isn't this fluctuating in itself makes me not trust whatever statement made. as for the uae in general, i can speak from my 21 years of living her...See More,As I said I acknowledge your concerns, and I also acknowledge you have valid points, and maybe I'm also just a too government trusting Dane that's used to always drinking from the tap at home + trusting what the media + my government says, but the one ...See More,Cool, thanks for the input. :) Not everyone has had the same experience as you, so I think that's the issue at hand here.,Yep, we can agree to that :),Please everyone report trap water yellow - If it is yellowMine was, was unsafe when tested, then they Told me it was an isolated incident.,I don't think the point is whether or not tap water is drinkable........ the point is 1-- someone removing your access to a good that you enjoyed without any consultation and then making you consume an inferior good (whether or not you prefer to drink ...See More,Students should have the option to drink tap, bottled, from water dispensers, the sewage if they so choose. You can't deprive people under the claim that it's better for the environment. We might live under a monarchy but that deprivation of many people's  preference on drinkable water supply is not what I signed up for. #BringBackAllAlAinWater,Be it, 500mL, 1.5L. Whoever is concerned about the environment can choose to reduce bottle use. Most of us take part in other forms of environment conservation.,guys why don't you message one of us when you have questions wallah we have so much to say about this and went through a lot,Yo guys, I just made an ideascale that could possibly fix problems like this at the source. I seriously think we need to change the way that GAs and voting works, and would appreciate if you all check this out!https://nyuad.ideascale.com/.../Allowing.../268124-31467...,for the general audience as well: hey anastasija i don't think this is about transparency but more about being as informed as possible. i really don't get why we're being addressed as though we're on opposite sides of the playing field when we are lite...See More,Hey Rend, I simply don't understand why you would want me to go through private messaging over asking a simple question on an issue that was voted on and affects the entire student body. If it's not about transparency, what is it about then? There were...See More,Hello friends, small opinions here: Yes, I do understand how the small water bottle ban has been inconvenient for everyone. Those damn large water bottles don't really fit anywhere....See More,But like there are dispensers in each 2nd floor lounge. Just walk downstairs or take the elevator.,hi I want to understand this policy more *hopes no one attacks her* and suggest better alternatives, how can I get more involved as a study away student?,Another way to increase access to non-tap water drinking water could be to install these big water bottles with pumps. They're cheap and can literally be placed in each Residential floor lounge. It's a lot more feasible than adding so many water dispensers.,The problem I have with this and a lot of other things that get passed on by students in this university is that anyone can pass anything and it doesnt always present the majority of people's opinion. Lets say i have this cool idea to i dk pass X. I go...See More,Would be cool if student body ran a vote on these important issues and see how people actually feel rather than have 20-30 students decide on what they think is best for us. Not saying put a public vote on everything but major decisions like these,Hi, I have some thoughts on this - just because people put a large amount of effort into something (StuGov, I do commend all of your hard work), does not necessarily mean we should shut up and drink our 1.5L water bottles. Yes, it took a lot of work to...See More,hey all, Kelly Murphy and Maitha AlMemari been in conversation with the Dean and we are in the middle of talks of adding more coolers, an update is forthcoming. thanks for starting a talk about this. wallah we can do so much when we work together, please get involved with stugov <3I arrive at 11:40 on the 27th if you're willing to wait a bit.,Why u arrive when I'm not there Guyu,Omg guyu figure your shit out,:'(Not sure what they're "supposed to be like" but I can send you mine. Global Ed seemed to like it. I kept it more on the formal side.,I can send you mines as well,can we make some sort of database for the freshies or just in general to help other ppl out? we can also sort it by location and reason (can b just dicking around) and major??!,followinggg,I can send my first study away essay for Buenos Aires :),I wrote an informal one to study in NY and I ended up here for a year so,Shannon Fonseca,I applied to NY for both Spring 2017 and 2018. However, my study away essays were completely different for the first and second study away semesters in NYC. The first one was about exploring other academic fields and taking a language course for credit...See More,Make it both personal and practical; show the practical side of going (skills aquisition, language learning, academic pathway) but then also reflect a bit on why exactly that's important to you (as your identity, challenging your belief, new oppurtunities etc). It should both make sense, include things outside of explicit academics, and read like a little narrative! :),Regardless of whether you approach things with a more personal or professional register, the most important thing is to be 100% clear on your reasons for applying, and to make sure they're good reasons. Be organized and concise, and give Global Ed as c...See More,THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE <3 <3 this is one of the reasons I love NYUAD - I hope you all aren't too bombarded with requests for essays, but we really do appreciate it and its helped ease my worries a lot. So thank you :D,Depends on how much you are asking and what for - I was super formal and pretty much just listed what I wanted and why I needed it (and it worked). I would suggest having a list of arguments and using them...,Happy to send mine. Giulia Turchetti,Ali Abou El Atta global citizen, global leader, cosmopolitan.^ I still haven't received my grade back btw,email farley,How does grading for music work anyways? I'm considering taking one next semester,tell them Haram my dad doesn't want it to show on my transcript. LOOL,Class withdrawals were closed about 3 weeks ago - even though it's a music course it's still for academic credit, so I highly highly doubt they'd let you withdraw. If it can boost your GPA it can also bring it down.,I wouldn't worry too much about getting a bd grade in music - they usually don't grade on ability, more on effort. Assuming you've put in obvious effort, you're fine.Hayden Mountcastle,Julián Carrera,Karma Dolma Gurung,Ugyen Tsezomla Lama I heard she has the voice of a Beyonce,Zoe Jordan can add special monkey effects if you'd like,Shaqe Karapetyan,resolved thanks to the wonderful Liza! <3,Hi hey, I have no idea what this is about but I need to see this sultry film about stem cells, please:D,Ghaniba Ali has by far the sultriest voice and loves stem cells too I'm sure haina?!Luis Carlos S R,I was in Prague (not doing 35mm) but am good friends with NY students who did- can put you in touch with them if you like :),Hey, I just finished it. Feel free to message me anytime. :)Save them for an incoming freshman.,Put em in a display case as a symbol of valor and strength.,I'll get them save them for me pls!!I think freshmen don't get boxes, and I only saw plastic boxes in A6B. You better email the responsible ones for the storage, they should know :),Well too bad our boxes went to signage for Latino Night...,If you got your storage assignment before the deadline, then yes.Intro to political thinking with jeff does not use books, there is a book for stats but it depends on the professor on whether to use it or not,For Legal Systems and Methods you should email the professor for readings. Many readings don't come from the textbook, and I'm sure he'd be happy to send you stuff :),I really don't think you can do much preparation for Intro to Pol thinking or Stats before hand. And it isn't even that much to do during the semester, to be honest.,I have all three and I am here all summer 1 - you will have to return them.COME EAT WITH ME OMDFFFGGGG BASCHNope,Flavia Cereceda,Raitis Pekuss,Can I and Mahmoud Salah take it?,I would like it if it's still free :),Mateo Cruz,It would be very nice if I could have it!!!!,Ylber Roka,Raitis Pekuss,Hey, this might be a long shot. But Eva, from the Dining Hall, was looking for a guitar for her son. Do you think she could have it?Abdur Rehman,Mubasher Iqbal,Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq,Armaghan Khan,Fahad Ahmad,Please, please get in touch or i'm going to have to cut the scene :(,I look like I am 34NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO BATU NO NO NO,It might be at Finn's,After all I did to reunite you with your skateboard last night, you end up losing it anyway?,Security cameras?Alejandra Trejo Reine Defranco,You can't count courses both towards the core and Interactive Media at the same time. I tried. :c,Hey! I'm taking 4 IM classes in Shanghai rn... I've had a really good experience with them. If possible try getting a class with Christian Grewell, he's a really nice dude and he's classes are the best. I'd also say that if you can take Intro to IM and maybe Communications Lab before going to Shanghai that'd be great cause you'd have access to more classes.Sooji Kim do you still have that bottle? :D,I do,oh dude, really could use some of that rn,Bro check the cupboard above the sink,Or even the one above the microwaveSergiy Stupak,Mark Xu Did you look into the logistics of rolling them into Etihad Miles?,Interested. Might buy a ticket from Chicago to NY,For most US airlines, any transaction where you spend miles (no matter how small) is enough to renew your miles for another 18-24 months. You ought to spend a a thousand miles or two on a magazine subscription or donate it to a charity, etc (tons of ways to redeem),Also, you can redeem AA miles for tickets on OneWorld partners (i.e. British, Qatar, Qantas and many others) so probably worth preserving.,Taiki Sugita in case it's too expensive to change your ticketCan't say anything about the course but I love Charles! He's really interesting but laid back, and great fun to take a class with :),I had a different class with him last semester and it was fantastic! The workload probably won't be too bad, and the readings will be very enjoyable. I found class time to be pretty chill, we did weekly writing workshops where we would read each other'...See MoreZahra Urooj ? Have you done this?,Hey Safa,paying the bursar account bills are a hassle and you cant use your Citi card unfortunately. Just go to finance office in A3. You can pay in cash,You should be able to use Flywire with your NYUAD card?I know someone who's looking for people interested in a 1-year lease, I think. I dunno if it works for you tho.,I added you to the nyu housing fb group! hope it'll help,Joi Lee,I can add you to a bunch of housing in NY groups if you're okay with living with weird New Yorkers,Gypsy housing forever!!!Shreya Shreeraman?,yeesss this thursday!,Sam Ixcaragua,Hey! I'm planning to go this week too! Would it be cool if I tag along?,I am going on Thursday!,that makes 4 of us, so works out great!Hey David. I am planning to have a small library at my place back home. I am collecting books of all kind and I will really appreciate if you are willing to offer me some of the books which you do not need anymore.,Karma Dolma Gurung Garreth Chan?,Yes, there is a small bookroom in C2, not sure if it is on the West or East end. It has a book donation box in front of it.,James Carrington Gardner did you get further with this?,Donation boxes for the Second Chance Store will be kept from the 16th to 25th of May in residential buildings. There will be a place to drop off books as well! <3Thx for all the sad reacts,Sad reacts only plsGood time of year to be doing this :Pno,NopeBe my roommateplspls,Wafa Junaid Farah Sayad,I took the class with her. She is very demanding but she is so knowledgeable....I loved her class. You must however do all your readings if u want to attend her class. I have heard from people who took ethno with john obrien that they enjoyed it way more so if u want someone who is super knowledgeable and could be a great mentor in the future, go for it,She is amazing. I took a different class with her and she is really so inspirational. She is very demanding though and you have to do the readings carefully and participate. But she gives as much as she demands. And she has done some great field research herself so I believe she will have a lot to offer in this course.,I've never taken a class with her but she's one of my capstone advisors right now so I'm not sure what I have to say is very helpful. From what I've experienced, she's very intense and demands a lot but in return she's also extremely dedicated and is an incredibly knowledgeable professor. I think if you're willing to put in the work, then you can definitely learn a lot from her.Shivani Mishra Subhekshya Shrestha Febin Thapa Magar Samridha Shrestha,PM me,Definitely go to Nagarkot if you want to see the mountains, perfect place to see the Himalayas on a short trip.,Raunak Shrestha Chiran Raj Pandey Juria Sato Bajracharya,We made a google docs last semester of things to do in Nepal! What's your Net ID?,Pm me ;)James Pearce,hiAna Louise Weild,moi!,Isabella Peralta,Sorin - I studied in New York last semester, and I'm currently studying in London. I wouldn't mind answering your questions!,Me!,I did! Florence and Buenos Aires (and Sydney for jterm),I am! In NYC last semester and Shanghai nowcan we have fifa and NBA as well please?,Ahmad Stingray,Any chance for DoTA?,Lateefa Stingray,Geo,Omg I'm so down but I'm currently in Manila and I'm also an NA noob pls don't laughPls help me find a roommate,Yeah, depending on the funding I'll be in Dubai as wellJacinta Hu followingam7838,Hetvi Shah,Tah399,Madhav Juneja,CHANGE THE SYSTEM SORIN!! GOOOO,Mj1747,spring semester?,aa5367,Zmd221Hey! I might during the length of the summer courseHala Hayden May Ghaniba Daniel Anastassiya Sara Al,Hma323,Clari Ilma Alvaro can you guys tag everyone that took Orgo with you in your respective semesters?,Absolutely! Im currently taking Orgo 2 in Sydney (following NY syllabus) and its 5 credits, and all the students with me have orgo 1 as 5 credits.Also, can we suggest that on the transcript the name of the course includes (- and laboratory) so that its acknowledged that we did this with a lab? Yaa249,Dno214,Umm fak ya sga277,al4867,pl1497,ek2522,jgf281,can you let us know if this works? the engineering students might want to try and do something similar with our 2 credit courses,rm3851,Sf2596,ij365,jg4279,ac5033,Can we please do this for Orgo 2 too?,ykg206 - though the downside personally would be that I would need proper approval to overload with a music class like I have for all semesters I've spent in AD (with the current structure I had a total of 18 credits, making orgo a 5 credit course push...See More,ieh211,Mb5881,Gayathri Satheesh,Ma3579,ay1070,Ask607,gs2750 if freshman can have a say too,Jc6146,yd699,gj552,alh536,kms812,sxq201,People who took orgo in fall 2014:  Thinh Tran, Gabriel Figueroa Torres, Nadine Ibrahim, Tamy SO, Haya Raef, Sam Ridgeway, Amani Sahib,yc2184,hdm251,Hey friends,To keep you in the loop of things: the proposal was rejected early last week :(,jgf281Ali Shazal,I can help!!!,Jaisal Friedman,I can help as well ! (:,Hafsa Ahmed,Raunak Shrestha,Emma Kay Tocci,Madaline McCluskey,Motoi is the boyNghiem?,There are a few of them in Al Wahda mall. I got mine fixed at a place called Paris Optics or something on its first floor.,Following,Thank you!))Heavily heavily recommend Intro to Interactive Media,Fundamentals of Acting!,Fundamentals of Acting!,Music technology fundamentals! (pretty fun class and a lot to learn!),Comms Lab with Craig, one of my favorite classes super fun and you learn so much, not hard at all either. You get to create projects throughout the semester for like different mediums like comics, audio, film etc,Highly recommend African Women Playwrights. Changed my life.,Foundations of Art History (if it's taught by Shamoon Zamir + Reindert Falkenburg)! Fun class + great, charismatic professors you won't regret knowing,Music Technology Fundamentals!,Fundamentals of Acting !!!,Thanks friends!!,Foundations of 3D with Jonny Farrow ☺️,Voice, speech and text (Theater), it is amazing, really you won't regretAnh Mai Le Xuan,Teona Ristova Marcelo Sandoval Vlad Cherevkov Ana Karneža,Chenhao Xu,Jonah Joughin,Hey, the sample schedule for our class already shows OS in sophomore spring.,Won't most of you be studying away in Sophomore Spring anyway though?,You can take networks without OS. Just putting it out there,Yeah boiiiMichael Fengyuan LiuOscar Gómez,Brian Kim???,Gaurav Dewani,There are a lot of cs courses for which OS is not a pre-req. There are people who will be taking it in senior year, and they were just fine for a whole year in ny.,Lukas, does this make things easier for us?,Yeah this is very essential,Robert Gordon,OS is much harder and better in AD than in NY also!Just to keep the theme: little Mexico is a pretty cute place and it's really close to campus,Lemongrass at Yas Mall for a Thai dinner. You can sit outside on the terrace and have a nice view of a giant fountain that rises and falls with lights and music.,Nolu's at Galeria is good,https://www.zomato.com/abudhabi/abd-el-wahab-al-maqtaa It's the same Abd El Wahab like the one in St.Regis but it has a gorgeous view on the Mosque; bit far and bit pricey tho,Thanks guuys!,Flavi, there's a place called al bandar,Leopolds of London in the Nations Tower (i think?) on the corniche has a stunning view. Enjoy lunch w mama❤️,Café aliwan (no sé si se escribe así) but it's a Syrian place in Fatima street, not a great view but really good food!,Sofra Istanbul has amazing turkish food. the view is nth special tho,omg theres a really really nice ethiopian place called Bonna Annee down by electra street i think? cheap and the portions are huge and god damned good (i go there at least once every 2 weeks),YUNA. Say hi to Olivia for me,Flavia Cereceda- Nolu's (Al Bandar or Galleria) the most amazing food (I know the owner and she's really putting all her love in her 2 restaurants): it's a really cool blend of afghani and  Californian cuisines. Make sure you get their mantu and kebobs... cardamom cheesecake but anything on their menu is great. Also they have a really nice brunch on saturdays with a big buffet if u prefer,There is a FANTASTIC Lebanese restaurant (probably about 20 mins from campus). It's called Al Mayass and it's in the Sheraton Cornishe. It's a MUST. You can sit outside, too! And the food is the best Lebanese I have ever tried.https://www.zomato.com/abudhabi/al-mayass-al-markaziya?amp=1,There's an area called the Souk Qaryat Al Beri, it has many good restaurants ( including the Noodle house, Abd El Wahab etc) and lovely views though it is a bit far from campus,Would highly recommend the Tim Hortons on the way back from Mad, low prices and great value for money!,Almaz by Momo in galleria for great moroccan foodJoaquín Kunkel,Me,Hello!,Try to work on Venngage, it's for free,Hi!,for beautiful things see Nisala Saheed,Hayat,Garreth is the pro,ME PAY ME,Maria Vogel made a beautiful infographic for ecoherence!!,Hi :DAlbert-Student Centre-View Financial Aid (under finances). Should be thereI have the FoM ones :),Wow damn someone's determined to appear employable 😀pls,i will take it rn fakof,Majed why would you break the hearts of two beautiful souls who just want to be together??????,ana 2areit el post di b sot monziIf you have confirmed your room selection (last tab on the portal timeline), I don't think you'll be able to change your room except through the room change process in May. If that's not the case, email resed I guess!t'es encore en vie toi?,do u even go here,very helpful responses all round, congratulationssmart,Stay as a guest of all the diligent human beings who didn't miss the deadline and occasionally crash in the C2 rooms. (Thank you Alejandra Trejo),Hey - similar situation, not because I missed the deadline but because I can't accept two different awards. Living in AD over the summer is not a big deal though. Just email your supervisor and he/she will either figure something out or arrange for you to stay in A3/A4. At least that's what mine's doing.I haven't but I heard of one person who has,Yes, i did too!,Sometimes their outbox gets saturated and not all decisions get sent, so they have to go back and re-send it (happened to me). So I'd say to e-mail them if a couple days go by and you haven't gotten it yet,It's like 6:25 pm in AD now. If I haven't received anything so far does it mean I need to wait until Sunday?,Got it.,I did!,Got it too, is it possible there is a different batch of those that applied for NYC and DC (NYU Housing) vs those that applied elsewhere?,YesManson Tung That place where you get all you special people (except me) cakes from,Karma Dolma Gurung Connor's cake?,MAGNOLIA, but through deliveroo,Thanks guys!Haven't heard anything about it yet.,copying Anita's message in our class' group: "FA is due May 1 - https://students.nyuad.nyu.edu/…/fin…/returning-student-faq/Link to CSS: https://profileonline.collegeboard.com/prf/index.jsp"hey there, I don't have medicine but wanted to say cool uhh .. punctuation! Feel better!!Meet an olympian,To do well in college,I've always wanted to be a Pokemon trainer ):,Tbh I kinda always dreamt about receiving a letter to Hogwarts.,I wanted to be a dentist so I could give stickers to the children,Always hoped to discover that I was actually a witch and could go to Hogwarts,I wanted to be a paleontologist and uncover fossils :'),To marry Orlando Bloom, specifically as Legolas in LOTR,lead maxis (game company),combine call of duty and the sims and age of empires in one game to make the ULTIMATE game so everyone could enjoy it.,Thank you all for your responses! If you don't mind me referencing your name for my project please like this comment Otherwise I won't :(,Sailormoon (a cartoon character) Somehow I thought it was a job when I was 4,Be a national geographic photographer,Be a judge on a puppy competition show I used to watch,I wanted to be a bus driver as a child. It was my dream job.,I wanted to be an astronaut,Barber - I loved playing with other people's hair so that was my life goal 🙈,I wanted to be Tazmania when I was a kid,to meet disney celebrity stars and party w them,I wanted to buy a small boat to live in and make my living by taking tourists around on it,I wanted to become the president of the united states. I was ten. I am not even a U.S. citizen.,To read every book/ learn every language/ visit every country in the world,i wanted to discover what really happened to Anastasia Romanov,I wanted to be a magician when I was small,I watched the vatican mass too many times, I wanted to be the pope until I was 8. I am not even a catholic.,I wanted to be a professional yodeller,In 2nd grade I wanted to become a chemist. In third and 4th I changed my mind and wanted to be a professional ice cream taster,I wanted to join a band and go on a world tour as a professional singer,I wanted to be an astronaut and a soccer player at the same time.,Wanted to beat up the queen for colonising us,Wanted to send flowers and cake to the Prophet Muhammad on his birthday by putting them in my dead grandfathers grave,Become a mad scientist. Idk what that means exactly but that's what I said when asked what I wanted to be when I grow up,Be a country's president/prime minister/dictator etc. Kinda like Trump, but be smart about it...and no orange hair,A Powerpuff girl - didn't really phase me that they were animated,Become a well-known food critic and travel around the world,I wanted to save all the beautiful trees from becoming toilet paper at the stinky factory nearby when I was six,Pink Power Ranger!,A Pilot,Zac Efron asked me to marry him (I wasn't that small tho...),I wanna be a dog whisperer,I wanted to work at the zoo:) The exact job position didn't matter: I was ready to sweep off the cages, just to be close to the animals. 🦁,Oh, and then another collective dream (together with fellow classmates) in I think grade 4 was to travel around the world in an ice-cream van. I mean, it's a win-win, isn't it?  You get to see the world, and everyone loves you so you're always welcome. And the demand is constant, so you always have the money.Please do it even if you don't know me. Be good people please. I'lll give you chocolate!,And you get to do it with me! Oh boy oh boy!Enes,Ritu,Carrisa,Muaz Ahmad Sahan Sachintha Tampoe,Kristina,Are you making a fb group?,Hannah Taylor Isabella Peralta Noor Al KubaisiLaine Melkerte,Adam ?,Yara El Wazir AYWAAAAH,✋🏼,Hello! also, Rabiya Imran,Juju Quartz Andrés López Schrader Carlos Páez,Hiii,Tanya,Hey!,hello,Saad Sultan Mani Rehman,Hi,Hey there,sup?,hello!,Shujaat Mirza,👍,Rodrigo,Me!!!,Laine Melkerte,Vuk,Hi,Luque,Farzan, Hashim,Hi! Also Ridda Manzoor,hellooo,not meTina Wadhwa?,Me. Before turning 6'2, I've been bullied extensively and refuse to let anyone go through the same thing. Not in this school.,:(,tell me b'6rbhm '6arb <3Sorry, I'd mind. I have class all day both days. :(,Yeah, I'm sorry, I would prefer it to not be changed too :( I also have a lot of classes on those days,I don't mind changing it to Monday/Wednesday 😄,Heyyy Sharon I don't mind changing it to Monday/Wednesday mornings :D,hey Sharon i dont mind it being changed to mondy/wednesday too! however, i only finish class at 1:05. so would really prefer it being in the afternoon!last year we could stay on campuus without any problems (my accomodation for summer was the same as for spring, so I didn't have to move, but you might be required to move to your summer accomodation). in any case, you'll be just fine, they'll e-mail you and let you know where you can stay on campusI have the same request as Nada, my netid is fk709 :),Resolved! xoxo,Me too pls, aa3817,Same, Nada if you can send it :D kdh313,hey guys, my friend sent it straight to the printer so I don't have a soft copy of it,Shantanu Bhatia help these people,Me too, please!Hanh Van Nguyen,Yes, it absolutely could. You should try seeing them in person -- sometimes they'll be nice and think of something.,Wasim Gulam hahahahaha,Hey go talk to Nirvana in their office. Tell them you want the same flight number and same airline but just change the date. This worked for me. Aren't we on the same flight?,A week before I was supposed to fly I realized that my flight should be changed to a day later than it was booked. When I first went to the office they told me it would cost like $1000 but he told me to come back later in the day and it ended up being $150 so try going and talking to themwow already lost it u idiot,Please find it!subjectivity,Labor! Easiest colloquium in the world,Ur planning on going the whole 4 years and not writing a single essay aren't u,Dignity and Indignity,Fundamentals of Acting,Water...ok someone has weak arguments,i have a jets jersey,Kelly Murphy Ugyen Tsezomla Lama ?,Just realised what this is for and omg,Rawan Dareer,I have Red Sox stuff but what is this for?,Don't do it. He will (pretend) to pour water on your head. He will not appreciate it.,Do it.,Laurence just rap it out.Reema Kaiali,Son what have you done,what did you do,Not me :PNooo I feel the pain I love my water bottle and don't know what I would do without it <3,Hey! I found it :) it's in the Baraha on the windowsill near the pool tablesKevin Ke,Holy fuck it fucks all of it over it was literally perfect before this change,when did people get this e-mail! wt,messed up mine, so I'm taking it in Spring with Making Theater,I dont think it will be offered then,Deb's teaching it in Spring. :),it will be with deb levine,but yeah it messed up mine too :(,Can we ask if the time can be moved again lol,^^ we could ask for an alternative time slot,Yes pls,alternative time slot meaning... moving it back to 10:25am or something like 1:05pm or 4:05 pm?,Orsolya Szánthó,Hey guys! So, I spoke to Catherine regarding this and this is specifically for rising sophomores who haven't taken Thinking Theater. The time has been moved for rising juniors and seniors, and she advised me to take it in Spring with Making theater(timings won't clash). If you have any further issues with the timings, you should probably email her! :),Its not possible to move it back but im sure we can work out an alternative that works for us. Thinking theater is as much for rising sophs as for juniors and seniors specifically because we MUST take it before studying awayJakob Plaschke Febin Thapa Magar Nina Bambysheva this might be a great thing for any green house members that are interested in science!,Interested!!! Probably not for a summer internship now but would definitely be happy to get involved!,Gayathri Satheesh,Raunak Shrestha,I am interested!,Interested,Interested,interested,Interested!,interested!,I've organized lunch at 12 in D2 with Olivier Pauluis <pauluis@cims.nyu.edu> (The Co-PI). He'll tell you about the lab's activities. Or you can just email him to ask your questions or arrange a meeting.,Interested,Hey, just got off the phone with prez Trump, and he is also interested in this research. He already has a lot of data though, he just needs to learn how to get this place more warm. "Its freezing cold out here.":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lXRM2rg2Sc,Interested. Not for summer but maybe next semester? Also, I am studying away at the moment,Me too. Very much Interested.,Just to clarify -- lunch is at 12 tomorrow in D2.,Interested!,Kipras Kušleika,We're here. At the enclosed space by the cashier counter.,Interested for fall semester !,Here is the link of the lab CPCM if you would like to learn more http://nyuad.nyu.edu/.../nyu.../institute-research/cpcm.htmlFor many of you who couldn't make it to lunch today, you can reach out to me or Olivier Pauluis <pauluis@cims.nyu.edu> (The Co-PI) on how you could get involved in the future.I know Meredith does vinyl printing but maybe a good shot,You can try someone from the IM department! I know they have 3D printers in the IM Lab.The readings are awesome!,Deborah is excellent!,Thank you so much!!!!!,Deborah is terrific ! Expect to read a fair amount (about maybe a book/1and a half week) but it never gets boring ! And you'll learn so much from her !,Took the class when it was offered as a summer course. It was fairly intense but easily one of the best classes I've taken. No regrets!If the school has already purchased stuff (books, paid for housing etc) you might have to reimburse whatever cost were incurred.Art history Ryan Choi,I took FoAH I Freshman Fall and also did FOS 3,4 (though obviously not at the same time). FoAH is heavy on assigned reading but skimming is strongly suggested (just read enough to have an opinion on each topic the readings discuss; the class is more or...See More,The photography class is one of the best classes ive taken and its a lot of fun but fair warning its also very time consuming (cuz youll spend a couple hours taking pictures each week and then youll spend more time to develop and print them),Don Cho Shunya Watanabe,FoAH with Shamoon has not took much work, reading heavy though you can skip the readings but you might regret it when you write the final essay,If u r taking FoAH I with Reindert and Gregor it's pretty chill. The assignments comprise of a couple of papers, not too difficult since both of them r easy graders. Also if you find the work too much u can always negotiate with them. They r very understanding. :),Thanks so much guys! All the info was really helpful!!!Following. I want one as well,I would like to get one,need one too!,bumpHey Lama! I'd say you should message Doug Cutchins.has been this way for about a week now,Try calling them. I found them to be generally quite helpful.,hey this happened to me, at the bottom of the page i clicked "access another card" and i just put in my card number again and then my username/password and it worked fine afterwards,use another browser/ computer :) the system gets stuck sometimesRaunak Shrestha,Nour Samy nas601 When ?,:(,Got a guy, sorry!,Two spots opened, if anyone wants?Tala Nassar Mai Awamleh ?,Anything?,Hey Firas, idk if this is of any help, but we (Gaby Adam) went on a street art tour in Buenos Aires. The organisation is called BA Street Art (http://buenosairesstreetart.com), although I cant for the life of me remember the name of the dude who took us on the tour. Maybe email them and mention NYU? Hope you can use this :),Look into Banksy! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banksy,Thanks guys!Hey! I've been doing it this semester,Dan Mountcastle lol Hayden Mountcastle Joey PD,Fatma Al Rahma,Nicolaj Thor,Took it last sem, pm me,Seyed Mohammad Ahlesaadat?,Farah Shahranyou can try downloading Ease US data recovery wizard - it can retrieve files from the trash as well. Saved my essay once :)No that's an interesting business model, preventing you from unsubscribing.I've got oneHey where do I get them from?“This form is no longer accepting responses ”Prince Steven Annor,Thank you Hafsa Ahmedthis sounds super interesting!,Those interested can rsvp here: http://goo.gl/n0MuZ5,So that's what you wander off to when we have calculus...,If I wasn't studying away, I would totally come! :D :DMy dear friend Natalia Cruz im deeply sorry but i sold my last Emirates miles to Yazan Al-Ajlouni. Perhaps he still has them and would be so kind to sell them to you.,Dear Jorge Guiracocha, Firstly, I would like to remind you that it is always my honor to do business with you. I would like to take this opportunity to remind of that one time we flew with Emirates to Amman, but you were so eager (and stupid with book...See More,omfg not this again,Dear Yazan,Thank you for your time and concern. When I smell or hear money, I get extremely excited. After facing such an unparalleled opportunity, I immediately thought I should sell all my miles, with a favorable conversion rate of 1mile=1 campus dirham. Unfortunately, I, however, have no miles, but would adore to extend this wonderful chance to our beloved Alberto, who would very likely donate all of his miles to Natalia! Yours Sincerely, Pulpinator, the DotA Boy,Pulpín, thanks for bringing me on board.After careful consideration, I have decided to donate all of my Emirates miles to Natalia. She is a great friend and an amazing person. I do hope Nirvana stops being such an abusive, useless company preying on students that spend summers in Abu Dhabi. For the record, I have never flown Emirates before. I will now direct you to my friend Nikoloz. He travels extensively, and I'm sure he would gladly donate his miles to this worthy cause. Best,BertEdit: Making sure my buddy doesn't miss the updates Duc Le,How many do you need?,Dear Alberto Castillo Gutierez, thank you very much for mentioning me in this discussion. Dear Natalia Cruz, AKA Natu, As you may know I recently flew to Kuala Lumpur to see if Seagles and Eagles were related. I am very sad to inform you that the two a...See More,Nikoloz Adeishvilli, she magaro kle aka Nikushade Lemonade Tehkoolaid, gaumarjus brat and thank you for including me in this fantastic thread. Before I add my grain of salt, I wish Timbuktu airways widespread success in their new endeavours.Now straig...See More,Fuck I miss you lads,Fatih Haloglu aka Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Ugwemubwem Osas, thank you for bringing me into such an intriguing conversation. My dear Natalia Cruz, as my mate Fathur just stated, I had to leave to Caledonia in search for the perfect pair of reptile sand...See MoreHappy to! But do provide instructions on how to care for his physical needs, I do not want the illness of a fish on my conscience.,Alberto Castillo Ylber Roka Mateo Cruz,Luke TyburskiEducate yourself: https://historyofphilosophy.net/all-episodes,The ultimate analytic metaphysics reading list for the next 4-5 years! :p http://fuckyeahlogical.tumblr.com/.../analytic-philosophy...,https://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-J-Crilly/dp/1849162409,The Code Book by Simon Singh,Alex's Adventures in Numberland by Alex Bellos,The Emperor's New Mind by Roger Penrose,I can lend you a general relativity textbook when I get to campus!,https://www.amazon.com/Golden-Islam-Seyed.../dp/1512329320,QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter - Richard Feyman,The Design of Everyday Things - Don Norman,Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance! One of my favorite books. Philosophy book,The Book of Disquiet by Fernando Pessoa,https://www.amazon.com/Mythical-Man-Month.../dp/0201835959,Been banging my head over "Form, Style, and Expression" by Losev (one Russian Philosophy of Language giant). It's about dialectic methodology in Aesthetics; basically viewing art-form in its abstraction, introducing pure logic into art-form.,It's econ... I know-but really very interesting twists and super easy to read with great stuff to learn!,The Politics of Experience by R.D. Laing, political-existential reading of schizophrenia by a clinical psychiatrist in the age of the Vietnam War. Mind-expanding.,A brief history of time by Hawking,Sapiens: A history of human race by Yuval Harari,Thanks for the amazing recommendations,Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is one interesting piece,Reading into everything:The Secret Life of PronounsSnoop: What Your Stuff Says About You...See More,These posts where everyone can show off they've read a book in their life, right in between those wifi breakouts, are the best :) Let me recommend you https://images.gr-assets.com/books/1347310998l/83341.jpg ; I know you probably won't read all the boo...See More"3 girls, including myself",Steven YuAD or Dubai?Jocilyn Estes,This is so sad that you have to identify yourself ugh I feel old,Laurence LewarsMe,do you know someone I don't know who I could interview?,Maverick subanu,lel do my psycho ex,me,do my psycho ex too lolHereHere,Got a 6 muffin tray and a 12 muffin tray in A2B 505, not in the room currently though. Duc is :),Awesome! I'll stop by and pick them up, thanks so much guys!!!,can i have muffins/ cupcakes?,Muffin!Mēs ar Lucius Lambert sharojam vienu telti 😉Omg seriously?,Ahahahapm'ed you,Brian Ndirangu?hello, me!Arame Dieng,Vika Blinova,Yes I'll PM youC Vishwanath,Hey, my mother does, in India. Pm me if that could help :)bump!,Yo!Khaled Alhosani Jose A. Varias,Omar Al-Marzouqi should know,Mine is an older model and I bought it from Virgin Megastore, but I'm not sure if they still carry them,Check messengerI do 🤗,Still looking for advice :),Sorry 😞😞,Hello! I was there for fall break, I'll send u a message,Kevin,I have a family friend there. I can help too.,Hayden and I stayed at a lovely place last spring break, pm if you want detailsu really are eager to learn how to count the money u don't have,Melinda?,I can send you the one for Spring 2017 but the professor (Johanna Haefke) said she's not sure whether she would come back.Hey! I took the class with Manhattan Prep in New York and I think it's more informative than just watching the videos, but honestly if you just practice from all the self-study (including the 5 lb) books that should be enough,Riaz Howey,Casey,one very useful part of the online course is having a few simulated tests. It's very useful to practice a few FOUR HOUR TESTS omg so glad it's over, but would recommend getting used to the test format,I did an online class before mine and it was really helpful. I wish I had had more time to use it but I think it was the single most useful resource I had. I'll get you the name a little laterI hope not lol,its for the website specifically,It's proquest's print allowance. U can't print more than certain number of pages of a book,So it will not impact my ability to print from other books?,no worries, I once printed 400 pages worth of stuff, and another 400 a few hours later. you'll be fine,Hey, I had the same issue. Instead of choosing "Current Chapter", enter in the page range of that chapter, which is less than 90 pages. (Because 'Part's and chapters are nested the website might be confusing a chapter for a part.),Thank you!,Trust me I don't want to read them,It's copyright laws afaikA2b 409 i have heaps of those,Farah Shahran 😂,I also have plenty of doxycycline!,I have 6 packs hehe - be my guest!Hey!! I'm helping support this on the Theater Program side, and can tell you that the more official the better. The CDC needs to confirm that it's a solid institution that will be hiring you as an intern, so the more letter heads and official signatures the more successful your application for funding will be. They may approve an email, but the proper letter is much much much better.no butter milk but I have some vanilla extract I think,hey simran! i'm sorry to say that i don't but i'm just wondering as to what you're baking for? is there an event or something?,I have vanilla extract too if you still need it,Homegirl you can easily "make" your own buttermilk. Just add a table spoon of vinegar to one cup whole milk and leave it to sit for about 15 minutes (until the lumps form). It's what I always do and it works great :)Why don't you do NYUAD a favor and stay away from any important person please,im gonna die,Oh rlly?,🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀,I think 6pm at CDC cafe today?!,I also heard something about CDC, but I can't remember the time.. maybe somebody can post the link to the event ?,Walid Bajjani Gaurav Dewani check out the marketing skills of the lad,,guys, please help!,,Jaisal Friedman,This is too much Sorin, wtf????,ahahaah. Lol. Sorin, you should found Moldova National Marketing Academy. :)))Hala Aqel,Hey! The vet I used to care for another cat was the Canadian Vet (02 677 7631) and everyone at the clinic was super lovely and helpful. Tell them you're from NYUAD, they'll take good care of thingshey i do,Madaline, [RESOLVED]hellu,pls take pics of me,💁🏽💁🏽💁🏽,me,here!,Willing to help out!,Me!,Willing to help :),Me,Me too! :D,I'm in :),Sure!,maybe !!,jmk727:),the girl in front of u,yaas,Yess,meee,9.30-10.30 and 4.30-6.00 tomorrow on terrace next to library cafe... looking forward to see everyone (the entire process will take <10 min)pls someone help me,I am currently in D2 and I have some on me right now,Ur thriving I see,don't worry we didin't play with the cards. so u didn't miss that. But I do hope you'll feel better in order to be able to go to MBZ Women's Labor camp every Friday where members of the ADvocacy SIG visit from 5-8 pm to spend time with the women living there.,Hey Ilona! I'm so relieved! don't worry, I am recovering nicely and look forward from now on to make it every coming Friday in order to go to the MBZ Women's Labor camp every Friday where members of the ADvocacy SIG visit from 5-8 pm to spend time with the women living there! :),jajajaja espero que te sientes mejor Sussan <3 las mujeres te necesitanMastish Taddese Terefe,Nacif Taousse,Hey there long time no see!,Joshua Shirley,Alistair Blacklock & Lucas HansenTry using 129188 as a zip code. That's what I did, and it worked just fine. New York University in Abu Dhabi P.O. Box 129188.,Usually just putting in the numbers of the PO Box works?,I've been trying that but it's still declining the card,Try 0971 worked for me for a bunch of things,I used an old address of mine and that workedsp4461,sma620,William Held wow is this your dream come tru,jpf409,gg1720,ccp347,ss10149,ya824,at3378,dg2798,mj1747,Wch300,fl1092,mt3332,da1866,ddb292,tz929,wch300,gas412,nel267,vc1238,sms1198,Davis Teague,rk1937,mk5915,hns272,Hanh Van Nguyen,Htn260,sys341,Ahmad Yacout,Ec2911,xy650,mo1414,Mur208,jmk727,Nour Ahmed I think you should do this,rgg282,Kg1642,jk5209,qh433,as10369,bj798,Hey guys! Check out the poll I just created to select the dates for which you are available. Thanks :),hln236,ms8390We stayed at Antika Amman Hotel, near rainbow street, very close to all the cafes and fun stuff. Its more like a house with many rooms as opposed to a hotel so its modest. Breakfast included,There's also another one in downtown Amman called Art Hotel, it's near the Citadel, rainbow street, and Hashem restaurant. Breakfast was free, the rooms were comfortable and the cost per room was cheap considering its location :)meGo buy a match box at the convenience store and then never shop there again,the dining hall usually gives you changeMelinda Szekeres!!!,Peter Si,Please email christian@nyu.edu if you are thinking of joining this course. There might be some logistical things to figure out.Also, I might be TA'ing (because I cant take it for a stupid reason called not being a student anymore...) so lets chill over summer!,Christian and Eliot are basically the two best (and coolest) professors I have ever met. If you can, take the course! It will be an AMAZING experience!,Mateo Juvera Molina,Maria Paula Calderon,Prerequisites?,Pre reqs?,This is awesome!!! Can we still apply for funding?,Please email christian@nyu.edu, he would know best about what he expects,Following,A little confused, are ENGR-AD 120 Human + Machine (Khaled Shahin) and Designing Genius (profs. Christian & Eliot) 2 courses or is Khalid Shahin's course cancelled?Hey me too,It's simple, everytime you feel sleepy, go for a walk or start sipping something to keep you awake,we have no choice,You will sleep through the exams you prepped for.,I got some redbulls for you,Mahmoud Salah, do not do it dude. It is honestly not worth it. Go back to sleep & do your work in the morning. But still all my love to ya. I have done 6 hours in 3 days and believe me, I do not wish that on anyone. Just ask for more time for your assignments & teachers might be nice to ya. XOXO JC (15-20 min naps are the way to do it).,Hurbert Shauri pls share,Pray Qyam Al layl,Power naps, my friend,Following,#NYUADproblems,Yes its doable. Don't know about three days, but its doable for 40-45 hours. Substitute sleep with food and drinks.,By ordering a lot of KFC,It'll keep you up,Doable but if you want to do so for exams, I strongly advise against it.. if it's for essays or assignments then sub sleep with food and short naps,Yeah honestly you don't wanna be sleepy for an exam, it's awful and you'll screw up your next exam as well,Please, be careful with this! And remember that the longer you stay awake, the less likely it is for your mind to actually digest the information you're trying to feed to it. Worst case scenario, as mentioned earlier, is sleeping through the exams, but it's also not much better if you zone out while writing them.,Doable but not recommended,Doable, well-timed espresso shots throughout the day can keep you up, but I've been there and honestly, just don't do this to yourself if you can at all avoid it. It's really, really unhealthy. (Also if you do sub coffee for sleep be very careful, too much caffeine at once can cause a lot of health problems.),DONT DO IT!!!,Suddenly, everyone is a sleep specialist. :D,Matté, snus and sun (and the occasional espresso shot),Diego González Arciniega,NO MAHMOUD PLEASE DONT DO THIS TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF AND GO TO SLEEP PLS,Sleep > engineering,Anything is possible if you just believe Mahmoud Salah,stop playing fifa instead of studying,Thank you everyone for your thoughts. I genuinely appreciate it. Grateful to you. All the best with your midterms/finals :) <3,Don't do it. 4 AM and powernaps will do,lol Andrey SimeonovYou'll need to stop by nirvana by Sunday and they'll help,Bring the business card/brochures you got at Lufthansa table,Thank you! Anastasia KaravanyupYes its true! You need more than 6 months of UAE residency I think. They look at the resident permit on the passport,Nela Noll Ryan Shamus Brown Tayla McHardie Gábor Gellai,Since the break is long, you might want to try going to Armenia too! I recommend it 💯,American passports get visa on arrival regardless,Diana Zhu and I are going to Armenia and Georgia during spring break; would love to meet up if you guys are up for it :),Nina Bambysheva,Hey Mark Xu! Did you end up going? Does the visa have to be at least 6 months old? Like, I should have had it 6 months ago or it has to be valid for the following 6 months?meMy music teacher is from Czech I could ask him for you if u want .. also chaima from j-term went there recently,Anita Duskova?,Tereza Petrovičová,Show off,Take a train from Prague to Vienna! Simply beautiful,Definitely definitely go to Berlin! It is a super cheap & quick bus ride from Prague, and there is no city like it. Budapest is also nice,i would say do berlin, but there's just so much to see that a day trip or a weekend trip won't even begin to cover it,Check out bus routes for FlixBus, they are super cheap and drive to most of these cities. Buses in that part of Europe are generally cheaper and faster than trains.Great apps to have for Europe are GetYourGuide - to find free walking tours (the Berli...See More,Vienna - you want to either go on an overnight train or stay for a night there. Use the trains as a sleeping place. Dresden should make the list. Kutna Hora should make it if you want another town in Czech, also Karlovy Vary. Dont bother with Brno or Liberec (I love Liberec but people dont speak english - though snow might be there...),Also Ulmon has great offline maps for majority of those cities...,Yes I recommend exploring other beautiful towns in the Czech Republic: Karlovy Vary in the west - and - Český Krumlov (in the south on your way to Vienna and stop in Kutna Hora for the cathedral just outside of Prague and České Budějovice.,Go to Krakow! I'm going from Krakow to Prague and the bus is like 6 hrs but really cheap (like 25 dhs max),Go to Vienna and Berlin, and Česky Krumlov! I've been to Dresden and Bratislava as well but I would say since you don't have much time in Spring break, you could give those a miss since Dresden is similar and Bratislava is imo smaller and quite far away so as not to be worth it.,Hafsa Ahmed,All the basics like Old Town (square/astronomical clock tower/church), Charles Bridge, Prague Castle, John Lennon Wall. Try not to take any public transport- these places aren't that distant from each other and the walk is absolutely gorgeous. Also try...See MoreGolf SIG is dead - but it likely has a president. But the PE is still happening and we have golf clubs and sale in the golf course...,Cristobal Esteve?,Manson Tung I think you are taking Intermediate Golf?,If there is interest in the Golf SIG, it'd be lovely to revive it!!!!!! Need to put my clubs to use.,Thanks everyone! It's for a prospective study away student- she's on the varsity golf club in NY and she wanted to know if there was something similar in Abu Dhabi. Who can I put her in contact with?hns272,Jia Bo Khan,bj798,Iman Zambasri Sadaf Habib,sh4370Email nyuad.stugov@nyu.edu or message their Facebook page with the timings that you'd like to borrow the trolley at and someone will be there to lend it.,Hey,Yi Yi Yeap I think u need to hire Ylber as a trolly manager, lots of questions about trolleys lately.what about dns,yo,Lol hi,run away while u still can,happy to help,Would be happy to help out as well! And good luck to him lol,Happy to help, hmu for anything :),I could maybe help too!,happy to help out!,if he wants to take a language without the latin or arabic writing system or visual arts, hmu,I gotchu son!,happy to help as well!,hala hala,mashallah dns,IB a5af bachr they become international,I can helpthe head of your department then the registrarAlways used the blue gel one with no problems,Isn't the white colored one geared for white clothing? So it does try to "brighten" clothes? I always use the blue one so I am not sure but yeah that had been my understanding.Ana Karneža let's start another one #helpbrian,Brían!,#helpbrian,cute,#helpbadr,#helpbrian,#helpbrian ❤️,#helpbrian,Found!! Thanks y'all :),Brian, did you do this only to post a nice picture from Nepal, haha? Miss you guys! Fatma Ilona Brian,#meironaambrianhobump!I'm assuming Professor Guedes is in charge?,Thanks, Gene <3Resolved! 😄Jack AdeneyTiffany Holung?,Lol I gotchu gladys,I'll leave it on the lounge table ❤️,Rawan you are bae😍Thanks so much, l will leave the dirhams on the table tooLove reacts only,Dear Student Body, [tldr choose gala - this is one of the only traditions from NYUAD's incepetion - also went to ga]The end of year Gala is one of the few traditions that has been continued since the very first year of NYU Abu Dhabi. It is a chance t...See More,We can do 2 separate events, but Gala is something I think will be fun! It's always something I looked forward to, and I hope this last end-of-the-year event, we'll be able to do it!,It's always nice to see people looking good and dressing up - ❤s guys,420 gala,Gala❤️,As a student present at the GA, I don't fell the poll reflects the spectrum of ideas. Further, I have heard from people it is difficult to see any difference between the three options in their current descriptions. These are just some problems I see with the poll and thus I suggest this poll not to influence the decision and that a different ways of getting students' input is explored.,Guys, both? Option 3? then literally everyone is happy. what does it matter. the options are the saaaame / there are no options haha. I like the idea of having it at the Saadiyat Beach Club (a nice fancy location, close to campus) and rent it from 2pm, so nice beach in the afternoon, and then nice gala in the evening! IDEAL.,What are the options for live music on all options - can we have a jazz/blues feel to it during the meal?,If you guys need the Saadiyat public beach (for any of the proposed or un-proposed events or just in general) lmk if I can be of any help trying to secure it again for us (by us I mean you guys cus I'm just beachless in DC),Love,https://orgsync.com/106972/files/1184951/showHey guys, a discussion about the event was held in the General Assembly as well- you can access the minutes here in case you need more info before voting.,the practises,which one has the most food?http://www.tomwujec.com/design.../marshmallow-challenge/https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_wujec_build_a_tower,https://www.teachengineering.org/.../cub_brid_lesson01... This one !,Jocilyn ur time to shine ;)Joanne Abbassi Farah Shahbaz Ghena Haikal Adnan Dekeidek Banah Al Amad Mai Awamleh there's so many of you I just realized,I can helpI am down,All the best Lama! :) I am down as wellAnna Serobyan,sent,Thoughts on the class?Workload and the professor himself?You could use the scales in the labFor NY both summer 1 and 2 are due at the same time,i was just at the registrar and they said do it by tonight.Ya the UAE has a zero tolerance policy towards stray dogs. There are a lot of pet dogs on campus thoOMG u do have a heart!,Liz Mao do u know?,Mia Averianova I feel like saving a cat, how do I do that?,+971 50 608 5738 This is Feline Friends. they help street cats in Abu Dhabi. Brian?,Oh no, demon cat :(for what? 🙂,yeah ruth, for what? this sounds interesting,Huh? Why would u need them? 🙄,Yeah, what are the cards for? I'm so curious!,the public will not rest, Ruth. please keep us updated!,Every Friday, members of the ADvocacy SIG visit the MBZ Women's Labor camp from 5-8 pm to spend time with the women living there. We need the cards to facilitate a fun game we plan to play with them.,sounds awesome Ruth! I'll sure be there to play this game 🙂,wait Ruth, do you mean this great initiative? Just clarifying.,Yeah It's that initiative. It's a great opportunity to volunteer. If anyone wants to join you are all welcome. For more information contact stm378@nyu.edu,A+ promotion campaign,I have cards,I have cards :)ITP workspace definitely, also the rehearsal room spaces in Kimmel. Is the Leslie E-Lab generally open to alums?,Oh my god studio space in NYC - anything with mirrors / a dance floor would be a miracle.,Magnet in Brooklyn!,Maybe we already have access? But a music studio with a piano would be amazing 🎶,I'll be keeping a spreadsheet with the requests, feel free to add anything to it:https://docs.google.com/.../1AZirSz6BgFBFCH.../edit...,Adley KimSofia Gomez-Doyle might be able to point you in the right direction? Maybe email Michael Gilligan as well.,Mario Chacon does stuff on peace, he teaches a couple of classes in the peace concentration,Dana Burde - teaches Intl Peacebuilding and the Role of Education,Michael Harsch,Michael Harsch! He teaches peacebuilding and is particularly knowledgeable about the role of UN in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Bosnia,I think Camilla Boisen would probably be able to help. She did history, war politics and war ethics for her degree and it's quite knowledgeable on theories of wars and interventionsHe said please. Diego Arias García Aravind S Kumar Sussan García Reema Kaiali,Angry reacts only,Angry reacts only,Sarah Daher,Use Diego Arias García jacket,Sergiy! Sorry to hear about the fact that you do not have a pillow to use. However, I think your Emirati friends will be more than willing to help out, financially or otherwise.Yours Truly,Brian,I have an inflatable one you can borrow :),I doyup. take it. if it's taught by Brandon Woolf, prepare for it to be a very hipster class in the good way. The prof will take you to many avantgarde performances and unknown neigborhoods in Manhattan that you might not go to otherwise.,Zoha Alvi Lucas Futch Muhammad Shujaat Mirza Krishna GaireBrian Kim,HEY,Hey,thanks for the reminder,Hey, mandatory for girls and boys in Norway :),💃🏽💃🏽💃🏽,Homer Tsigas Christos Zoukos protect Greece. success guaranteed,Hongjun Byun,Me,Hey (Wilson Hsu is not pure Taiwanese so he doesn't count),Steffen Holter,Robert Gordon,Me,David Lee,Me,Me,Hi,Are you inspired by Junbug?,Seong Yoon Kim,Heikke Merilin Raidma,here,👋,Khaled Alhosani,Hoon YooHe is awkwardly funny. Course load isn't crazy. Lab work is fun.,pls pay attention to moe's scriptIs this for Fall?,This is currently happening, so it would be for the remainer of the spring semester Jovan, sorry for not clarifying.,Hey everyone - resolved for now 　 Thanks for your interest!,Can I do itI do :)Hey Alia, do you need them or are you giving them away?,I have an extra one if you still need it,They are live streaming the show on Facebook too!! I know it's not the same, but it's something!Check cdc portalSussan GarcíaHey Vuk,Following,Let me ask a friend for you,How much?,200,What's ur rate??,Same one as online ..,Interested,Go ahead then,I'll buyFollowing,Sana Amin ?,Mona Khezam,took it as a sample class so don't know too much but loved it! He's really engaging,PM,Yep pm me:),Also took the sample class during cw and loved it (ps you should take it because I am and you love me ❤❤❤❤),Prof Paulo is interesting....the class I took with him was fun...just finish all the readings on time and you should be fine...I agree with Dominique Lear he definitely will call you out if you don't do the readings or respond in class,Paulo can be difficult - he won't give feedback, he can be antagonistic, he answers emails at his own leisure (often never), he is not clear about assignments. He is knowledgeable and engaging but he should come with a warning label,I second what Dominique said.  ive taken two classes with him and he is my mentor. He is all of those things.  Assingments can be pretty lax (due date wise) but he places lot of emphasis on doing the reading and coming to class prepared to speak--if yo...See More,He also kinda expects you to show up not just having done close readings and stuff, but also having done extensive research on whatever you'll be discussing in class. He's a cool dude otherwise, but don't take his class lightly,Gaby Flores he also makes fun of us a lot lol,THANKS GUYS!!go nakedYes. The uni enrolled us in the zero crrdits courseAntony Tahan,Adham Chakohi,check the comments on this post: https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuad.room.of.requirement/permalink/1277779068966711/,maybe talk to the school PR team if you are unsure about what you/others can/want to say -- they are super nice and can help you find people...,^what Anita said, just w/o the maybe part. Make sure the uni people know what you're saying, since you'd be representing the uni's student body, not only urselfIf by latino you mean salsa, yes, with Attitude. Pm me,Pm me for social lessons across ad at bars/clubs,Does anyone know if there will be any tango classes?,What about wrestling though,Alberto, Ylber, and Fatih can frequently be found putting on a master class.,Esteban from EDS does these quite regularlyGhaniba u have voltaren, no?,i have! Send Raunak Shrestha,what did you do nowYou can get a Business Studies Minor from NYUNY,FollowingLiza Tait-Bailey,What's the platform?,Larayb AbrarMeee,m.albert.nyu.edu has an option to download class scheduleHafsa Ahmed Andrés López Schrader,Hey Michael, email nyuad.stugov@nyu.edu or message our Facebook page with the timings that you want to borrow it at and one of us will be at the office to lend it out.I got an email and a text,I got a call from a representative asking me when I'm available to pick it up from the welcome center,whom can i contact for info about the NBAD transfer? I just came back to campus after a year away and am totally lost lol,I went to their office in Yas Mall like 3 weeks ago and they told me they have no record of my application,Same thing here, please halp,Alright this is how it worked for me, after I applied for an NBAD account as well as the debit card(at one if the sessions organized on campus) I received an email a few weeks later from student finances asking me to pick it up from them.,I got a call a month after I applied but the caller's English was very broken and I essentially understood nothing. No clue what to do now.,I went to yas mall today and the guy was very rude, he said that I was the third person to come and ask and that it's not the banks responsibility and I should ask the school and leave the bank alone. Hella confusing and I don't know what to do either,I haven't gotten mine either, let me know if any of you find out what we're supposed to do,following because same,Following,same,Same,Following,following,...,Still got nothing,haven't received anything,I don't think there's a time that we get them. They said that the Citibank cards are good until further notice so we're probably just going to have to wait it out,You can try calling this customer service number, as when I called they delivered mine the next day.048706080,followingDevaki Banerjee wasn't it you doing this?,Yepp - I'll pm it to you!I don't have any either.,Filip Karan,I wrote an email to finance about this ( I don't have any either), let's see if they answer...,I've no meal swipes nor campus dirhams (they actually disappeared yesterday for me). I went to student finance to inquire about this, but they're all on lunch break until 2-ish pm.,(See Yumi response below) Everyone should email Kyle Farley the Dean of students. I remember the associate dean of students used to resolve this :),Hey guys, don't inundate Kyle with emails - contact Chris O'Connell instead. He took over Donna Edelman's position with regards to student dining and will be much more helpful!,You can also email nyuad.it@nyu.edu to see if there's any unusual activity on your account, but since this appears to be a widespread issue rather than an individual case, Chris is the better option.,Any answer/resolution from this?,People from this email (nyuad.studentfinance@nyu.edu) have answered to me and told me that they have adressed the issue. I'll see tomorrow whether they really did, but I suggest to write to them anyway!,Thank you!,I have swiped and dirhams now,Thanks for emailing Laura,Yaay, I am glad it works now :-)You shouldn't have to attend a class! It should just be an agreement with your capstone advisor as to what your sessions/meetings will entail.,Thank you! :)this is why you should just take a class with me,hey.. i took her GSA class. she's awesome, super easy grader, had some really great class trips and presentations. i'll send you more detailsRend Beiruti,Hey didn't get an email but will be there.ss9140,res512,san362,YAY,Mr4684,nm1876,msa451,md3773,yz3575,Meiithaaa wish I was in AD I'd do it,yyy222,aah556,dff228,ntb263,mm8658,pyc283@nyu.edu,Ykg206 already in the bjj club but would like to attend when I can :) we're always happy to have more girls!,dap488,Ss9372,Lf1559,aag569,maq237,elg375,mt3316,Han246,hah308,sfk288,hey Metha so what happened,I would but i'm not here next semester :(,ss8315,faa322,Hkg245,Mra393,far293,me1553,lka251,Maa1006,Mkl406WHAT CLASS IS THIS??? and where in Kenya are u going :),If anyone has another duffle bag to lend me, I will return with souvenir or  some baked goodies :) :),I have one but I'm not sure how long it'll hold. You can check it out though,Oh u finally posted on ROR !! Congrats,I have a 65L backpack but I am not in AD but it sounds like you may be in a class with my roommate?,Ghaniba I can lend you one yo,Me too I have oneEnrique Wing,Hey, Arianna! I wrote to the library team yesterday. They will let us know as soon as they have any updates, which shouldn't take long. In the meantime, we encourage you to use Mango! :),(For those of you who don't know, Rosetta Stone is NOT being offered for free anymore. Those who wish to use it will have to send an application to do so. Updates coming soon.)You already stole mine smh give it back,Hey! You can have mine. I won't be needing it any longer :),Jun Choi David Lee Diego Arias García why are you all angry guys????,Daiso has some cheap ones, too :)Sorin Panfile,Keziah Johnson,The best idea would be hiring a driver who will drive you around for the whole trip. It's not expensive with Budget Taxi tho!,Maria Jose Alonso,PM me,Brian Kim Senanee Abeyawickrama,Keshana Ratnasingham,Angela,Liz Mao and I hired a driver who spoke very good English. The price depends on for how long and where you are going, but we stayed in central/southern region of Sri Lanka for 4 days and paid around 100 USD each.,I would really recommend to travel by train, for me it was one of the highlights 🚂🚂🚂 #viajarentreneslomejor,Train and tuk tuk all the way. Cristobal Esteve Liam Meier,Train tuk tuk and buses,Jakub and I mostly relied on buses and tuk-tuks - it worked out really well and it was cheap to get around :) However, if you're a big group and want to hire a driver, I know that Rushaan Cassiere has good recommendations too.  (rcassiere@gmail.com),Thanks everyone!,we got a driver for 65$ a day,We got a driver too for $50 a day total! I have his contact details, he took us everywhere (literally) and followed our schedule as well,Ali Areeb Aiman Azmyra got a driver,Afeef is related to a lot of drivers,the train has some really really beautiful views so even if you go for the driver at least get on a train once or twice (it's cheap),I would recommend "Kangaroo Cabs" or install the app "PickMe" or Uber. You can get trusted cab drivers and tuk drivers who have set rates. Source: I'm Sri Lankan,Kevin Mokhtar,Hey this is Nisala here speaking from diegos phone. You should use Tuks for short trips. Kangaroo cabs for long tripsHey I think I remember this happening.. have you tried proxy / VPN?hi,Gaby, Vivi and I :),Lina Amjad Elmusa,hi,me hahaha,🙋🏽,Julian Carrera,Madhav Juneja Walid Bajjani,hi,Hi,ayyy,Chiran Raj Pandey,Roland Folkmayer,Aravind S Kumar,Mashal Memon,hullo,Thirangie Jayatilake,la cabra JosefinaPeter Chen,Himal Shrestha,Hey,Daniel Watson,Anh Mai Le XuanWhat airline are you flying?,Etihad to DC, 10:45am flight,We are me, Rogers Iradukunda, and Lucas Futch. You can join us. I guess we are good if we order a family cabHey, I might have some :)A6C 305Joe Jean JJ,Khaled Alhosani do your magic,please add me too: ki573,please add me too: ki573,me too please sg4835,Me too please, Ra1723 Khaled Alhosani,sh4370 Khaled Alhosani pls pls,Me too!! far293,And me, mur208,Do people still use course review?,Me too please aab675,Me too please fa1036, I signed up before but I still can't log in,Hey everyone, I believe this was supposed to have been transferred to HackAD (there was a recent thread),I added all of the above :). Khaled Alhosani you should still have access :).  Also, if anyone one is interested in rebuilding/redesigning Course Review, please hit me up.,Me as well san390,Same ska299,Me too please! myr218,Me too aa4267,me too yn705, I am not sure if I am already in thou. where exactly should we find it?,Me too please ya824,Add me too please: kt1673,mt3316 pleasee,Added everyone,Can you please add me, dmo302Thankss,Add me too please: xl2200, thanks!!!,Me too plss: drf325,rsf309,fls259,ac6819,vk1145,fr872,fms306,jlp682, thank you,lka251 - Thanks in advance!,mkd356  thanks,sea398, Thanks a bunch,Jno236,Me too please las892Sorry, eastern forever,Jonah Joughin you are Western European right?,Brian Kim yeah of course,Cyril (sorry I can't stop this),Nela Noll,Says survey is closedSassy presidentYana Chalaya Matilda Mahne,Blue hallSame issue here in Sri Lanka,откъде излиташ :O,Why must we post helpful things in other languages,Last year I was not able to reach the airport due to a huge snowstorm. The only thing that Nirvana and Global Ed agreed to do is to change my flight, but I had to cover the cost.Zeyad Dahab Karima Raafat Alia Ali ElKattan Amr Ehab El-ashmouny,LOLLL,Ben7ebak ya firo,Ana ba2ool neraga3 el poll tany ba3d el Khatein,Adam Sherif Ahmed Mitry Malak YasserSara FakhrySalma SolimanYazan Al-AjlouniMahmoud SalahAmr Ehab El-ashmouny,Fatih HaloglufollowingWhen is it not around the lib cafe 😂,Omg lujain,Should I like this post?Liene Pekuse,Vamika SinhaFrom what I've read, idea of the university is a hard one,Is Taneli teaching Idea of the University?,Not idea of the university. Ona can attest.,If you're OK with having shit ton of shit to do during Jterm, then meaning of life... it's interesting but really demanding... this Jterm was the first time for the class, so hopefully the professor took feedback and reduces the workload for next Jterm,Screw it I'm not taking any of these. Thanks a lot everyone!Paüla Miret,Julian CarreraKeshana Ratnasingham,I have not taken a flight booked for me by Nirvana but it was the last leg of the journeyand a sad movie,we have a lot of cake,I have Mariam ElZoghbi's madeleines if u want,I have cake. Pm meYou mean the academic building or the dorms?,yep,Thanks so much lovelies!Yo tengo! A5B 314 :),you could borrow mine .. libraryGaurav,interested,Charlotte,Chaeri Lee you're cool,Yi Yi,I've got two, but they're tiny so idk if they count :),Ishani Sen,Sandro Andric,Lucas Olscamp,Tarmo Korela,hit me up.,Yup,Yi Yi Yeap,pm me anytime,<------,Sure :),Feel free to pm me :),yessirSpring 2017: January 12 and March 9, 2017,Do we get a stipend if we're in AD for Jterm? And spring. Like an earlier stipend.I don't think so I think they sent out an email saying they'll be closed for the holiday,Printed mine in the health and wellness,Email them to send you a soft copy,Go to geobluestudents.com, register/log in, once you're logged in, click 'PRINT ID CARD'Atm worked for me,Where did u get it from? Mailroom?Alienware,I approve of requirement #2,Gaming and Battery life do not go together ever.,Dell xps15,I have a Lenovo Y50 as my gaming laptop, and am super happy with it. There may be a newer model tho, as I bought mine two years ago.,thank uuu all! It turns out that my mom would not care about my thoughts and went straight for Mac Pro. :((((( She pays for it so I am not complaining. Hope Civilization still worksHey ✋🏽,Oh, i think it's closed now, yes?lol Gladys,I have tons of meal swipes? :),And for me too!,wow,me 2,Jia Bo Khan lol,what u willing 2 do for that ca$$$h ma???,I don't mind but I'm not on campus 😂,Hey guys issue resolved thanks to Kevin study away student from Shanghai😍.Thank you Kevindid you end up enrolling? if you 9am we'd be in the same class!https://www.facebook.com/.../permalink/1315649391779631/,https://www.facebook.com/NYUADAlumni/,Hey, Tessa! Allen Schlaidle is in charge of Alumni Relations, you can reach out to him at as8276@nyu.eduTanya Bansal,Hey!  Gene Cho and I both have worked with the FCS at the US Embassy in AD.  Feel free to PM! :DYesss Carnatic music sounds so nice!!,Yes!,#wouldlearn,Ja,wow!,Afeef Sahabdeen,Hell yeah,Couldn't have done this when I was here no :P,yes,PLEASE,Yes! I tool lessons for 3 years, but I am forgetting so much of it too,I'd be down for it! I went through many years of training as well, and I'd love to get back to it in some form. :)P.S. Could this be done for Hindustani Classical music? As an extension probably. ...See More,ok great!! i'll message you guys soon, but meanwhile feel free to spitball more ideas (and tag more people!),if it involves the instrument on the wiki thumbnail I'm in :PCome over if you still need itDear Lloyd,I am facing the same problem. Instead of a direct flight, which was the cheapest option, they had me change 3 planes on the way. Took them a week to reply they received my email. Hope their insanity ends soon.Have a good week....See More,Patrick Sheldon Wee,And they're out of the office half of the time. Were they to be paid based on the hours they work, instead of a fixed of salary or the amount of work they do, I'm sure they'll be earning less than our stipend.,Swallow your anger, walk into their office and talk to Denver. Has worked for me multiple times.,Jaehurn Nam email Denver ! He's really helpful :),Yo guys. I met with Katya today, and I've brought up all these issues. I have re-emailed her as of 12:20 pm tonight regarding all these. Email nyuad.studenttravel@nyu.edu if you haven't. I will keep you guys in the loop once I receive anything.,Jaehurn, what is the inefficient route and what is the efficient way? I just want to understand so I can bring this up to Katya collectively.,I v emailed them 5 times over the past week! No response whatsoever !!!,Same as @ali 😂😂😂 I still don't have my flight that's in 2 weeks.,Also in regards to the inefficient route, it's Incheon to New York that goes through Abu Dhabi (30 hours) instead of a direct flight (14). This wasn't my issue though. I will take this flight if I must but I need to change the dates and they haven't responded.,^^ same issue. I asked them in September to change my flight they said ok but i should resend the request when i get my itinerary. I got it two weeks ago and emailed them like 5 times.. no response,Also they were willing to reroute me on a direct flight last semester for the same route but this semester I simply got a no.,I also tried calling nirvana because neither Denver or Leticia responded but they can't tell me anything without their permission,Email Katya directly,It seems very unfair for all of us students who are abroad who cannot call or walk into the office but yet are sending multiple emails and receiving no response. It has not made a difference in emailing Denver directly, emailing Global Ed, or emailing ...See More,At this point, I just can't understand what the hell their thought process is when picking flights.I have to leave my family on New Year's dinner for the first time in my whole life because they're flying me through Abu Dhabi with a layover instead o...See More,They just gave me a new flight, and now this one sends me back from NY -> Abu Dhabi -> Korea instead of directly from NY -> Korea.(900 USD more expensive and 16 hours longer + 1 less luggage, which will force me to throw away half of the stuff I brough...See More,It might sound like I'm complaining, but to be frank, I am really thankful that the school is giving me all this luxury of getting free plane tickets. But I've seen cases where people received tickets which would force them to miss the first day of cla...See MoreCome by A5C 503,502* typoI'll be in the US from dec 22 to jan 5ish - if you still need someone let me knowIt's the A3 building where the deans offices are. It's the building with the book store,ahh okay thank you!Just take FOSyeah for sure anything except ping pong ballsshekinini,pls hand me an aux cord,your playlist is the dopest Rhoshenda anything you play will be perfect,Practically anything by Major Lazor would be great and would get everyone pumped ahaYasmin Farhan?,It's not bad! Just make sure you have the application filled out correctly, passport photo, and your passport (i think that's it). Quite a few people in front of me had application errors. The worst part is the wait,I did it was super efficient message me if you have questionsany class by deb williams!! Ugyen Myera,Take a film class. There's an introductory course called Sound, Image and Story, which is a challenging course, but very rewarding.,Take a class with Phillip Mitsis! Rida Maryam Zafar,Mona Batu any suggestions?,IM classes are supposed to be cool! Miha Abhimanyu ? Take a class with John Coughlin if you can! He teaches cores such as Ideas of the Sacred and What is Law! Theatre classes can be pretty fun and a revealing experience!,Seconding Farzan. Mortal and Immortal Questions is particularly fantastic. Nothing like debating the merits of life/death/immortality. He may even throw in a morgue visit like he did for us. P.S The Prof is super chill, workload is 3 papers and a final exam, heavy on the readings but you can survive without reading (not that you would want to, trust me). Basically HE'S BOMB.,If you're skilled enough in either piano or clarinet, take solo music instruction with either of the Professors Quayle (they're a couple). They're the sweetest people, you'll get much better at your instrument, and it's only one hour a week for two credits.,Zoe!! If you are ready to work really hard take a Justin stearns class and you will learn SO much. If you want to do something useful and creative take another IM class or intro to CS,Zojo ❤️ if you want a class with a trip you should look into classes Nadine Roth is teaching. She usually takes her class to Istanbul (not a 100% sure if she still does tho.) personally I didn't like her as a prof but Torian loved her! If you need a gpa booster take slavery and freedom--easiest A of my life (not sure if this is still offered tho). Gaby Rosy Kate do you guys have any suggestions?,Awesome thank you guys so much <3Would definitely rent out drones,We can't fly drones literally anywhere in Abu Dhabi even on campus legally speaking,I know what this is for Jaisal FriedmanFirst comment!!!!!,Do you know that they have literary speed dating in NYC? Anyways, yes! You like good books- me likes you! ❤️,What is Ahhh dude,Yeee,Yes ❤️,yes,Billy T Ben,Yup,Me. Wanna meet in Rome sometime mid-spring?,It'll be very ROMEantic,Hurbert Shauri,I'm all yours!,Hi hello me.,How do I only see this now? I'll go on a date with you any time!sfk288,yyy222,Sheba Vohra Lee Hyun Choi Natalia Cruz,Simran Motiani,lc3248,Nour Ahmed,I can get you a cheaper bus,stm378,How are you going to get to Sharjah in 45 minutes? o.O,sv1046,as9437,Mona Myera yee?,sm7015 :),mm8443,tin206,Le711,Hetvi Shah,Metha Naser,san390 and ska299,Azmyra Merchant,D2 rn till 9:00 if you still haven't paid. Also, the total cost is 875 so we need at least 20 or so people to come along for this to be economical!,Guys, I'm sorry but we can't get the bus. Out of everyone who expressed interest, only 6 people are up for payment (875 dhs split 6 ways is horrendously expensive). Anyways, I'm taking the 3:00 pm bus to Sharjah from Al Wahda (recently confirmed that the event's at 6:00) and will leave the campus around 2:25 pm. Everyone who wanted to pay is welcome to join.*praying my mom doesn't know this app*,ChequeIn,The Consultant. I wouldn't name it anything intrusive, you want to sell it to all kinds of parents, not just the "I want to know everythin" kind, so a neutral/friendly name should be what you're looking for basically.Jia Bo Khan, Michael Fengyuan Liu want in,What if i'm still a child on the inside, will you interview me then?,What's ah dude,Me!,I'd be down to help :),I'd be happy to help :),Hit me up,would love to help <3,Got a story about hijabbb,I'm so down.,Sure,hey,hmu :)Natalie HilaireJulia Saubier,Food,Take me with you? 🙈❤️,Zoey Max Ann,Hassan Haitham Nahas,absolutely nothing,Julia Saubier Natalie Hilaire,hang out with Clive Miranda's mom :D,My dad has been and he does not recommend it at all,hehehehehhe go to the house of mirrors Julia Saubier,Ifadha Sifar,Lived in Kuwait for 18 years. You guys will have a blast. Hit me up for details :) if I was around I'd definitely be with you the entire time but I'm all the way across the world right now,EAT! Also, visit Avenues mall.,EAAAT. <3 ^,Souq Al Mubarakiya,thank you guys, all info appreciated!!Lol Jood Shiqem ??,she returned it todayEmina Osmandžiković,Sandro Andric Ilma JahovićMerima ŠabanovićMelisa DemirovićBelmin MosticEmina Osmandžiković Tarik Zulfikarpašić Erna Kapetančić I think you have a couple of people here!,Oh the struggle,Tiril Høye Rahn is an expert now too,Kelly Murphy - We're all supposed to be experts on it by now :'(Anna take some shit with me pls,hahaha always there for you bae ok let's hear some suggestions and then we shall decide,https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuad.room.of.requirement/permalink/1181441618600457/?match=ZXJuZXN0byByZXViZW4%3D here's what people said about Reuben, but he hasn't taught behavioral here yetMee,Dana Abu Ali Hadeel Marzouq,🙋🏻🙋🏻,Mashallah very lazy 👏👏,Mee,I have watched season 1 if that counts,Brian Kim Munib Mešinović,meee,Sannia Farrukh,I've only seen Season 1 & 2 so far,Hello,Hii,YES,except I may not have finished the second season oops,hi theree!,I really wanna know which class are you taking,Nisala Saheed,Vuk Vukovic,yes,meeeee :D,Ty Headley I think you're the perfect fit,HELLO!! I AM A DIE HARD HTGAWM FAN so hit me up whenever,YassI PM'ed you but we're not friends on fb so it'll probably be in your requests folder :),OMG YAAAAS CAMI YAAAAS,Bump :) keep the mom stories coming, they're beautiful!consider taking Logic of Social Inquiry - that should clarify the "social research" part of SRPP and help you figure out if you're interested since it deals with the technical aspects of conducting social research in general.,Intro to public policy ! And/or State formation: Case of the UAE,Ethno? Josefina Dumay Neder Sebastián Rojas Cabal,Thanks everyone!!Re724,dsk376,alb747,aa5492,fk709,ha1234,Jh5372,daz261,Mur208,ak6102 - i can do monday,aa5254,am7625,Mj1747,ss9148,kb2295,Yeh218,Gf864i don't have boxes, but do you need clothes? :D,Yufei Gu Priyanka Lakhiani,I have 2 of the blue ones if you like!,we have 2 blue ones in a2a 408,do the cardboard storage boxes work? if so, I have 1!,I have one. It's in our room :P,we have 2 blue boxes,I don't have boxes, but do you need volunteers/someone to help with anything?,4 cardboard ones!,Well I'd love to help out! (If I can find the time) idk if you need my net id but here it is far293,I have 2 cardboard boxesA6 109 i thinkI have a new copy back home so if you don't manage to find it and it's not urgent let me know,I have a copy! I could lend it to you. I dont want money :p but I would like it back soon. Because its on my reading booklist.Yeah, there is one right across Saadiyat beach residencesLuis Mahmoud,Hani Hasani Enrique Wing,Would recommend Harsch if you're into international relations.,Havent taken the class but Joseph Gelfand is a bae and one of the greatest profs I have encountered in this school !,I quite enjoyed The Commandments with Jim Savio. It's not that light workload though, and I wouldn't call it an easy A either. He really truly cares about helping you improve your writing though and he's such an interesting person,Gelfand is magical and awesome and probably the best thing about NYUAD. Last time he taught a core though, I heard there were intense physics problem sets involved, so unless he changed that, the class can be a bit tough because of these psets,Jim is such a great person! He'll give you positive criticism always!! You might be writing a short response everyweek but trust me the things that you will learn in that class are worth it. Jim is just a passionate guy! you could knock on his office door and have a chat with him(about anything) and he'll help you.,Savio's class remained interesting throughout. Pretty chill since you get to watch a movie once a week and the writings were mainly about those films. He's a very caring person who will definitely encourage you in your work.,Even if you're not passionate about writing and discussing some deep philosophical topics, Jim will definitely turn your passion on. It's a very demanding course, you have assignments every week, but it's all helpful and does improve your writing and c...See More,I'm currently taking Ghastly Beauty with Jim Savio and I think he's a wonderful professor! He's super chill!,Thank you all so much! I appreciate it! <3,No question about that, take Gelfand.,GELFAND,idk about the classes but Jim Savio and Joseph Gelfand are two of the BEST professors I've ever had at NYUAD. Jim does tend to give a lot of work though, so if you enjoy writing you'll be more than fine. He's extremely supportive and helpful. I had physics with Gelfand and he was pretty fair, supportive, and an interesting lecturer.,Global Governance: it was a really useful class! the discussions weren't always led by the professor so sometimes we tended to go off the tangent a bit. Readings were hard (and technical) but fascinating and definitely sparked my interest in the matter...See MoreYou had to chose the location when you were applying,EmpostMuroor Road (East Road) - Abu Dhabi02 632 2383...See MoreSarah, take a look at this: http://nyuad.nyu.edu/.../undergraduate.../courses.html...The professor is amazing!!! not a harsh grader either :)Just go find them in office or when they are at the information desk in library. I wrote e-mails before to make an appointment as well.Myera Rashid,Quan Vuong,you should go straight to talking to Sofiane, which is head of the math department. He's always very helpful.,Weihang He Alexandra Urbániková,Ali Nosherwan Hamed,Osama MahmoodI got noodlesWould by the semester be too late?Or you can just get a laptop and go to one of the atriums,Open the windows and get some grass/trees in your roomI prefer Arman's teaching. He is significantly easier to understand in lecture.,I loved Arman's class. I took linear over the summer, and it was great. He's super nice, knows all his stuff and explains a lot.,I never had class with Arman, but I took Linear Algebra with Olivier and I would recommend it. He explains things until everyone in class gets it and he curves the grades. However, the final was unexpectedly confusing although everything until then had been straightforward,Thanks guys, I think either way it will be fine,Victoria Gou,I took Linear Algebra with Arman before you were born..I meant in Spring 2012. Class was not very exciting, and he somehow invented a stupid final where most people did poorly and ended up getting mediocre grades for the course. We even wrote petition after that but to no avail.  But that was ..5 years ago almost. Not sure if it helps.,Mubasher Iqbalhey, I have experience with that so I might be able to help :) PM me!Luīze,😂😂😂,a6c 601, come by within 7 minutes and you can have some of my ramen,I do papiPerhaps mthayelalali (insta),I'll pm you a couple of instagram people,Thanks guys!Alex baguette,If ur still not impressed take into account last game Brian Peng and Titas Geryba combined for 9 3pt'ers,And worst case, you get to see Liam stretch on the sidelineBruh why you need so many medical supplies lmao,Did yall pierce Zunnan nipples or smth,I have rubbing alcohol wipes,I have alcohol swabsHey, still need it ?adr462 i'm all yours gabyyy <3,Kk3296 GABBY,sb5412 :),jpf409,fcf219 photographs :),rk2845,Lemme think about this.,Heelllooooo,Ra1670,nn965 ;),sg4547,If you still need people I can contribute acting :).ego225,ggl245 acting,rs5568 photographs,aa5254, acting,Nd1324,Aab675 photography,Mj1747 actingthank you, you guys are the loveliest,Rend Safa Shanzey and Mona,Cat/dog videos/gifs, skyping my niece, nephews, sisters. Watching tv shows and British panel shows.Going out by myself.Dressing up as a clown and murdering hitchhikers.  ...See More,Also hey , check this out,hey gaby let's get out for a massage-nandos-bubble tea date, we can even watch fantastic beast if you want Gaby Flores :),Yohana  dancing,Watching motivational TED talks :)),eating,Food, fav comedy tv show, hugs from someone who will take care of you like you're their baby <3,Denial,Movies: youth, the perks of being a wallflower, the double, pulp fiction etc,Hugs from Subhekshya.,cleaning, espresso, loud rap music,Running or swimming, enough to make me focus enough on it not to focus on anything else,Listening to upbeat loud music on my headphones and dancing, finding a new restaurant / cafe downtown, chocolate, cake and everything sweet, midnight campus runs...,Yo face. <3,Also, talking to friends, watching old school Disney shows, playing the guitar and singing. :D,Breaking bad, good mythical morning, talks with friends, a good laugh,Being by myself for a bit and trying to distract myself or just going off and doing something random like going to the beach in the middle of the night by myself (highly recommend but I'd also say grab a friend if you can),Having a cup of tea in my room. You are more than welcome to join me at any time. I have alot you can choose from!,Taking a walk, talking to someone you love, watching videos of kittens or babies (even better if it's kittens and babies), dancing to latin music or bollywood music, going through old pictures of good moments :),Kate Melville-Rea,🍵 CHINESE TEA 🍵,Coding with Koh. Right Zane ?,Walking around and enjoy nature.... Talk to people.... Meditation....,This picture helps too,Driving with the windows open,The gym. Always,Meditation,the sound of music,also this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB2yiIoEtXw,Brooke Hopkins,Running,dumplings,Paula's memes,Butter chicken,A long bike ride with some good tunes,Sleep, coffee, jazz, a call from home,reliving a happy memory or just sharing it with a friend,Music/songs + zoning out,Videogames + music + friends + food,^,Dancing like an idiot to Bollywood music, screaming along to bad emo songs, working out listening to metal, and the potentially volatile combination of Megha Bansal, Tanya Bansal, Maria Vogel, Mateo Juvera Molina and Hossain Md Jihad Turjo,Tea and meeting someone new.,Reading your comments and posts <3,Parks and Recreation,Listening to the eye of the tiger,if you have access to a bathtub, bubble baths will never fail you ❤️6. Gender and Representation:In my opinion, the professor is great. She is very knowledgeable about the topics, and the lectures are not generally dull as students are required to participate in discussions. ...See More,Money and the good life:nice professor - always there if u need to meet her- pretty interesting readings (including the great gatsby and le père goriot)... a bit intense if it's 7weeks (2 response papers + 2 presentations + final paper) but I think easy A if you put the effort,gender and globalization: take it! 3 response papers that help you write the final essay and midterm is given to you in advance so you can memorize answers and get an A on the actual midterm. hardly did a single reading except for the ones i wrote responses for and you can skim the rest to participate in discussions. An A is very possible.,Mălina Dugulan^^^Mine is 9:15...,莫子羿（Mo Ziyi）,Hey!!!! My appointment's 8.15 alsoKenny Song do you have lemongrass ?,,Hey there should be some in A5A kitchen drawer but a girl must take it since non vis hehe,omg can you helpr u okay :(,I have cough syrup,Get well soon babe 😘,Try salt water through the sinuses: fill a water bottle with some water and add salt - squeeze the water in through one nostril so it dribbles out the other (some will come out your mouth too). Repeat for other nostril. It sucks but will definitely clear your sinuses,Hot ginger tea with honey works wonders - if all else fails, though, try punching yourself dead center of the face really really hard. That should in theory clear the blockage.Dei Dhanu,I can give you sleeveless plain black tanks if you can't get full sleeves...,I have a black shirt (half sleeves),when r u performing?nohahaha mine is at 9.15,any space?,Is this tomorrow? I got my appointment at 9!I do!Alberto has sterile ones,I have some as well!,I've got emOliver Heyn it's your time to shine!,James Smoley?,Louise Claire are you kidding me lol!,Liza Tait-Bailey,Thank you friends!  I will be contacting the people you suggested shortly if they consent! and keep the suggestions coming :),definitely not a guru but my internship also included social media marketing, so let me know if I can help you :),Yi Yi Yeap,Took professional social media marketing workshops before; can check for you if I still have the material.,Hahaha this has been my job for the past 4 yearshttps://au.linkedin.com/in/jsmoley,Courtesy of our pals at HashtagNYU: Social Media Explainedhttps://www.nyu.edu/.../hasht.../social-media-explained.html,Get inspired by how New York University does it: NYU Social Media Identity Guidehttp://www.nyu.edu/.../NYUIdentity_socialmedia_121014.pdfRhoshenda Sjur,Financial crises is only the best class I've ever taken in my time here at nyuad. I took it together with john volpe's other class called money and banking which I also highly recommend. The professor is the best I love john so much and the work is sup...See More,Zahra Urooj and Mulindi Cynthia what do you guys think?,I sat in on a politics of near and middle east class and thought it was pretty low quality. If Audra is still teaching it it's also mainly about North Africa, since that's her specialty. Noel actually took the class, he should know more.,Don't take politics of MENA, boring, uninspired and biased point of view.,Financial Crisis with John was a great class. I learnt a lot. He is an amazing  professor but his exams were a little confusing/tough sometimes. He's a chill grader so, that cancels out. Politics of Near & Middle East was ok. Half of the class was on fb all the time and the discussions were not engaging at all,Thanks a lot everyone! This helps a lot :),Any opinions regarding public policy?,Vika Blinova Vladislav Maksimovwow ali,Found em. K byeFile a lost item request with public safety as well!,Resolved! <3Tip #1: get off FB,In all seriousness the REACH team could probably give you some materials. Gigs Banga Annalisa Galgano Nadeen Alalami ran this workshop,Omg yes me too pleaaseee,Nadeen Alalami and Gigs Banga are the procrastination masterssss,Hey Sergiy and Fatima, (and anyone else who unfortunately couldn't make it to the workshop), I can definitely share some of the information and resources we used! Just please comment your net ID 😊,Also, learn more about why we procrastinate with this great video produced by the Health Promotion Office! https://www.facebook.com/NYUAD.HPO/videos/vb.1469909116368608/1593031690723016/?type=2&theater,Sure, I'll send them later,Just watch Tim Urban's TED talk about procastination and read the blog post, the whole workshop was based on thatYes yes yes pleaseNo, as far as I know AD students cannot stay in singles unless you've applied through the Moses Center. I've tried to switch into one but been denied,Does that mean just single rooms or also singles in suites? It's strange that the application is still allowing me to preference it :/,I think you can select it but I've heard that once the housing people review it and see that you're an AD student they will switch you into a double (even though it's a single in a shared suite),Tanya Bansal didn't you have a single?,No, I tried a lot. For some fucking reason, there's a real about not being in singles when abroad.Cai Xuexin? our best popper,Yeess !!,This looks so cool,Fo' sure.,Yesss, fk709,wow yeah! pb1818,Yeah haha,Yes!! Ayyyy,Yeah, yf857,jav398,Need someone to film it? :D,Yess! mpc441,aag569,Nikoloz Adeishvili Fatih Haloglu Alberto Castillo,meee :D dm3900,as10369,Yes! dg2855,In for it. mak905. Lets do this. Ali Shazal, Saarah, Aiza.,au534,as10505,sfp247,Ftm226,I'm super interested in this re724,Hey guys, this is happening in the Baraha at 1 pm today!!would be much easier if you remember the taxi's number. if not, call them and tell them the exact location. If they found it, they are gonna charge you the taxi's fare from the taxi's current location to campus,Camila Viera,I called the compant immediately after I lost it to report it missing. They got back to me after about 4 hours because the cab driver reported it. They gave me his number and we set up a time to meet and have him return it to me. If you already reported it the only thing left to do is wait :/, hopefully it'll be okay,He might not have found it yet tbh! Probably ended his shift and went home at 4am! It took one guy 4 days to finally notice my wallet on the floor in the back seat of the cab,Yeah I lost mine two years ago and I think in general as long as someone else didn't pick it up as they did in my case you should probably be fine.,Mulindi Cynthia,Hey guys! Just an update: the cab driver didn't find my phone and he only had one trip to Dubai after mine so maybe those customers took it. I'm going to the police station now to see if they can check the taxi footage.I am!,I can too if you still need someI have -2.75,hey girl i have -3.75 dailiesThe library stores Capstone projects in their archives and special collections. There's walk in hours and you can make appointments with Nicholas Martin <Nicholas.martin@nyu.edu> if needed.,Can we make this online?,Brett M Bolton,You can't have capstones online and available for easy access. There's a policy governing that, I am 99.5% sure of that. You will need permission from Chuck Grim or someone higher up to mandate this kind of activity. If you have tried to "read and enjoy" previous capstones, you'd know how strict the library is letting you access those. You can't lend or take photos, and someone always accompanies you.,There's also the NYUAD Jornal of Social Sciences for all those in that division! Submissions welcome! :)조유진,Music Society has had some issues with the location but it will happen,When, what can be done to help?Help pls,Reem Al Menhali,Nada Ammagui,Helo lmao,Depends on what the work is and how much work it is lmao,Orsolya SzánthóEve is a very serious commitment.,Also Lateefa Stingray Mateo Juvera Molina,Yo you can just join the Facebook group bc pretty much all the announcements and stuff go there Paused: The NYUAD Videogame Society,Nicole Gabriel DobrevaDepends on what classes you want to take.. but it's usually a prerequisite for most, if not all, Finance courses at Stern (corp fin and other courses in specific subject areas - debt capital markets, trading strategies, etc). If you want to take M&O, Marketing or other general Econ (non-finance) classes, also at Stern, it's not a pre-req so you should be fine,Take Asian Economies with Prof. Foudy (highly recommend!!),If you're interested in Finance, I highly recommend that you do. There are very few finance classes you can take without it,Thank you guys for your comments!,One more question: do you know anyone who has studied away in NY without taking Econometric?,Kunal maybe?,I did econometrics before going to new York,But you don't need it for most finance classes in new YorkYes , next semester or the one after,Is there any way to make Spanish a credit course?,Yeah maybe :),Yes!,yeaaaahhhh :D,Mr. Grim replied that advanced French 1&2 will only be offered during the next academic year. :p,Théoval Hélène ArmelleNikolai Valentina Cleo Smits,Which Capstones specifically? The ones in the project space?,yeah, the ones in project space.  i want the photos of my exhibition for archival / website purposes :O,Otherwise check the official gallery's site, they have a project space archive sectionZahra Urooj !!,#promo #thanksSharifPink Party happening  this Wednesday at 7 in A5A...See More,Hi there  :)Thank you! I can email you the pdf file .. your net id pleasewtf are you up to,Ask Jack to make them for you,Alyssa Ferreira could work,Vape nashuuuuuun,Jack DelanoOna Thornquist OUR TIME TO SHINE GANG,Hamza?,what in seven hells are you up to,learn to Vape?,Just use Mounir he's an excellent smoke ring maker,Lateefa Stingray,Katie Sheng,Areeb with a hookah can do the job,Christos thelei na se skotosei,make one in the super labAnd then Chelsea game?Go to the Opera one night! Vicky Critchlow,Definitely visit the Schönbrunn Palace and the shopping area around Palais Coburg,,Schoenbrunn and imperial palace, state opera house and do ride prater.,You will find restaurants and shops Stephansplatz,St. Stephen's Cathedral, Rathaus, Karlskirche, if you are into art go to Albertina and Kunsthistorisches Museum. If you have enough time visit Belveder and Hofburg. Make sure you go to the Schönbrunn Palace, and even though it might be a bit expensive,...See More,The ensemble at mozarthaus super close to stephanphanplatz was really amazing.,If not any Mozart ball chocolate/souvenir shops are great too,Hundertwasser Haus is a must!!! Do not miss it!,Agreed with Aleksandra! The Sacher café is amazing! Check out the university as well as the Stefansdom! The Volkspark will aslo be stunning in fall,Listen to the Vienna Phiharmonic! Wander a lot, theres a lot of  churches that are really pretty! Go see the Musikverein concert hall and Staatsoper even if there's no performance going on - they should have building tours. There's a beautiful cemetery...See More,Watch the movie Before Sunrise before you go! It is filmed in Vienna and the two characters basically walked around Vienna throughout the film.,Thank you everyone for your recommendations! Really appreciate it :) xMe!,I land at 10pm,Oh wait I'm flying into Abu Dhabi airport,Hey I'm landing at DXB at 11 pm - does that work?You can email the trainer and ask them to cancel it for youIs this a class in NY? If yes, then with any problems related to classes and registration reach out to Kerry (kerry.barrett@nyu.edu). If it is a class here, email Mary Downes.me!,I applied for it,me,me,I did,planning on itthis thursday i believe?,3rd of November.Commencement is scheduled to be on May 24. Usually the Ma'a Salama events for parents start 3 days before Commencement, so depending on whether they're interested in going to those, I would suggest arriving 3-4 days before the Commencement date.,Do the rest of us stay for commencement or are we sent home when exams finish?Himag Vaidya,Hey! Pm me!,I'll write a melody for you if you want :),I write and compose my own music. I would be willing to helpI have a clipboard and a folder with transparent plastic sheet. ☺️Colonizados 😜,Happy and loud people,Donald J. Trump,Spicy food lovers,http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=L9ue6MiVbMo,loud af,BURRITOS ARE NOT MEXICAN,Gardeners...,Cholas,Tacos :),they like their beer,Ponchos and tequila,Hardworking; disorganized,hot,They steal cutlery,They are late,spicy food 🔥Tequila 😅,Everyone owning guns,tequila tequila tequila,Oh & overly sexual,Constant drug wars,Narcos  Cristobal Esteve,marijuana growing in the back yard,Lazy, don't know English,Super religious? Que Dios te bendiga! Típico en telenovelas. Romanticones,border? what border?,Saying "hey ese" a lot hahah sorry for the spelling,they like to migrate to US! :D,They work for 5 days a week to spend it all on a haram Friday,mustaches,They're paying to build a wall,This,spicy candynot stupid! very valid request!No,https://members.geobluestudents.com/.../Download/4600770...help pls100 aed,Homer Tsigas wants themsma620,yum!,ah3300,Aym248,szh222,RESOLVED, thanks guys!,that's good marketing right there,tjt293,myr218,lf1559Safa Kashaf?If you still need an iron, I have a small one in my roomCheck your inbox :),Also, there's an Elementary Arabic Workshop happening every Sunday from 7:30 to 8:30 at C2-E048.,rosetta stone isnt really cheap, and the university no longer provides free registration for it. i checked at the beginning of this semesterIs swapping even possible in the first place, no flying penguins pls,I know someone who's willing to swap NYC for D.C. if that helps. Majida,Swaps aren't allowed :( chuck made that clear but like u said you can still save it for an ad courseAbu Dhabi mall, aslo yas,near WTC too, isnt there?stay away from Anacostia lol,Politics or poverty, inequality and whatever the last one is ! It's dope tbh,Also the journalism class is lit. Stay the fuck away from American Constitution (I cannot stress this enough). Internship class is also super chill if you want to intern when you're there,Take Politics of Public Policy if you want to listen to the prof talk about how awesome he is and how much the students suck. You'll also get to watch a lot of videos from The West Wing.,If any of you have the syllabus for any of the classes mentioned can you send them to me plz? fa952@nyu.edu,Mulindi Cynthia,Ritu, I cannot express how much appreciation I have for your sense of humour, especially in this thread. Thank you for existing,hey lovelies, coming back to this... Anyone taken Globalising Social Activism in DC? How was it?Quite possibly! Let me check tonight and get back to you :),ShanzeyI'm down - ka1295,Zane Mountcastle Annie Bauer,Jaisal Friedman Jun Choi Diego Arias García Laurence Lewars Gregory Goldemberg Alexis Mountcastle,What's the date exactly? Is it during Fall break?,Edl330,HEY GUYS - BUMPING THIS. I finally have the full details: the product is Ravel's Bolero by the Bejart Ballet. you will be needed on October 18, 19 and 22. All expenses covered. PLEASE COMMENT BELOW WITH YOUR NET ID AND I WILL SEND YOU THE INFO + CONTACT DETAILS OF THE DUBAI OPERA ORGANISER :) :),Dmitry DobrovolskiyThe problem is not so much knowing how to use it, but rather having access to it. As of right now, only James Hosken has access to the computer that controls the lsser cutter, so you are out of luck on that side... /:,I have a box I used last time. "Frozen" one. I don't need it anymore. Should you not find an alternative, I can give you that one (it has holes, though) :/,I have two!Me!,Hey guys, do you have any input on the class? How was it? Is there a trip? Anything?,Shahinaz GeneidDeepak,I also second Deepak from taking his class last year, but he's teaching Street Food in Spring not Records (that's Bryan Waterman - who is also great, but you want Deepak - search his name on RoR and you can see what people said before),Deepak.,Deepak, without a doubt. Look no further.,DEEPAK MAFUCKIN UNNIKRISHNAN,Deepak *mic drop*,Deepak :),Keziah Johnson,Wow Depaak,  our professor is so popular. I would also recommend him. He is great.,Ghastly Beauty with Jim is also nice! :),DEEPAK.,Deepak all the way! He will definitely do some cool trips related to the class and given the name, another plus is that he has great taste in food. Also he is an amazing professor and readings are very interesting.,If the name Deepak isn't enticing enough, the word food is literally in the title,I think that it is highly likely that Deepak will take the class out for food, and I think that is a good enough reason to go... ^_^,I might be biased but you can't go wrong with Bryan Waterman's class ;),Clearly go with Deepak's class,You will be having lots and lots and lots of workload with Jim! I did not take that particular course with him, but I did take his writing intensive course last year. He is very demanding, is a bit of a harsh grader throughout the semester but at the end everyone got a good grade. The discussions are really interesting - he wants students to have an in class "debate", and that's cool.,legit surprised that waterman isn't a strong contender -- he's practically a cultural institution at this point,Bryan waterman is literally just god,marion wren is dope too,BRYAN WATERMAN IS ONLY THE BEST THING TO HAPPEN TO NYUAD,Jim Savio is sooooooo great, wonderful, wise, understanding, supportive, helpful, and inspiring! He has a great taste in Arts and Film, he is very knowledgeable in different areas, he might challenge you, but he would be always there to help, and make ...See MoreWhy,Do u still need it?Yes, the visa can be tricky. I got rejected from Norway for Spring break but got it from France for the summer this year. Can I help anyway?,Talha Javed,Global Ed doesn't mind doing the flight change, you just have to pay the difference if there is any. Not sure about visas though.Red Crescent bins that are usually beside mosques, just dump the clothes in them,Rabiya Imran let me know what you do, I have things I no longer need as wellNo.,Order online from China? :v,There are some sports shops on the corner of Electra Street close to sama tower. I have seen board games there but not Go in particular. Maybe check them out,amazon,There's a shop on Reem Island in Boutik Mall called Back2Games; they have quite a selection of board games. I'm also 95% sure they try to get games not currently in their stock if they are asked to by customers - definitely check them out.,https://www.desertcart.ae/.../16947990-wood-travel-go...,If nothing works out, try pizza box and black marker :p,Talk to Vic, he probably has some good resources and could help you with potential shipping options if you need to order online especially if this might be SIG related.,You gave up on making one?,hey I know a lady who's running one of the go club in abu dhabi. I can ask her,Dragon Mart - China Market Dubai? I'm pretty sure you can get a lot with such a low price!Nisala, interpret this,Hey this might be mine! Do you know if it's still there?Dmitry Dobrovolskiy ?,TEDx, don't know if that counts..,Auden for Real AD?,Thank you guys!! But I should have clarified - from study abroad to a non-AD city,I will be traveling soon.,Isabella Peralta Sounds like you,Penny I went to Michigan last fall to speak at a conference, but I flew from AD. Global Ed funded my trip though so if you still want to ask me questions, let me know! :)Go to the welcome center and have the security guard there call transport. They can check for the phone there to see if you left it in the bus,Oh my god I hope she finds it 😔I bought a universal adaptor not sure if it has this but you're welcome to check,I have one, but Im far far away,Why that reaction tho, Robert?hey! I have one!,No,why are you so needy,I have a women's 65L one....Hey. The bikes should be out by Monday. We are currently fixing the bikes. No, from this semester onwards, you do not have to do the bike safety course. Secondly, if you have seen people biking around campus, it is for Athletic Training for Fall Break! I am one of the bike mechanics. Let me know if you have any questions.free entry as well?,I am afraid not :( But hey free transportation :)I can give u my coat!华东师范大学（中山北路）this should do, you won't need the actual street address in Chinatalk to psyeah I have a quite thick jacket that I used for Turkey trip.,I have a silvery thin Northface jacket (sorta like this) that I used in December in Spain with a cardigan or something underneath and it worked pretty well. https://www.thenorthface.com/.../womens-thermoball-full...William Young,Hey Nick, the prepaid citi cards do not have the ability to send funds to another account.Anita Waqar the exchange rate in Shanghai, especially at the airport, sucksss,BofA charges me a $17 fee to withdraw money from their PARTNER bank in Shanghai... definitely trade cash if you can,Yousra?,Myera?,Louise Claire,I'm willing to buy rmb,All sold. Will be in touch if I get more.Himag Vaidya,Hey! Pm meDaria ZăhăleanuI don't think u need an actual account to use it., 