NEEDED black suspenders please,
Q for peeps who will be arriving to NYUAD early next semester: RAs, MARHABA peeps, some of StuGov? I am thinking about pushing for RA's UAE visa being processed before/together with incoming freshman - thus get the passports back before Al-Hijra/ Islamic New Year (travel XD) and not dealing with it in the beginning of the semester. Between the 3 groups(RA, Marhaba,
StuGov) there is a ton of us and it seems even logistically easier for immigration office to finish us separately. Anybody has experience and knows who to contact? Opinion of the people it would influence - you want this? (or is this already happening and I missed it last year?),
Anyone have $130 USD I can exchange for either dirhams or Australian dollars? Also, anyone going to the US Embassy at 2 pm some point this week or the next?,
Has anyone ever lost financial aid from here? Is that a thing that can happen?,(
resolved)Is anyone interested in having a large flat TV screen next semester? I'll be happy to lend it for free, and just ask that you take care of it and find where to store it this summer!,
Helloooo Is there anyone who applied for Sharjah Art's Vantage Point and got their photograph/s accepted? I have a couple of questions! 😁💓,
hey guys, anyone else got an email saying you submitted the spring 2018/J-term housing application late but you're sure you didn't?,
Heads up, I was moving a few shipping boxes to my room in A6A and the guard made me open every single one of them to check for alcohol. New res life policy?,
Has anyone taken either of these two classes in NYC? Trying to pick between: Introduction to Global Education International Human Rights with Prof. Monaghan,
When do summer courses officially end for this year?,
Hi! Does anyone have an ADIB account? I need to make a bank deposit asap, and I will give you the money in cash on the spot. Thanks a lot!,
 summer courses officially end for this year?,
Hi! Does anyone have an ADIB account? I need to make a bank deposit asap, and I will give you the money in cash on the spot. Thanks a lot!,
Anyone have medicine for mouth sores?? I'd be infinitely grateful!,
Does anyone know what size bed sheets the NYUAD dorm beds need?,
Anyone saw this kind of pencil case? Have very important stuff inside it.,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Research Methods in Psychology? Thanks!,
so my citi bank card is being declined but I should have a bunch of money on it, what do i doooo :(,
FOMST with Peter Stamatov, Angela E Anderson, or Eric Hamilton?,
If parents divorced, are we required to fill out noncustodial profile?,
Spare and new NYUID lanyard?,
Any girls who live in A6C up at this time who can help me sign in a guest?,
Anyone with any extra plastic mesh sleeves for bottles?,
Anybody got instant noodles that they can give me now,
Anyone have a new macbook charger in C2 I could borrow for an hour?,
Anyone who has stayed in Dubai for summer internship-- tips on where to find housing?,
Anyone seen a room key for a5a 608-D?? Pls help my dumbass dropped it somewhere and I can't b bothered bc the semester is almost over,(
Resolved) Anyone else experiencing problems with the CSS Profile Fee Waiver Code that was provided to us? It keeps saying the code is invalid for the selected program (New York University) zz,
PSA if you're in a public space and you speak obnoxiously loud it is obvious when you want other people to overhear your conversation and think you are edgy or interesting. Also "OMG I bet you think we are so weird" is not a conversation I want to engage in.  Talk at a normal level.  No one wants to hear about Fatima #3's cousin's sister's uncle's wife.,
Anybody else having issues with NYU Classes?,
US embassy on May 7 at 9:30am?,[
Urgent] does anyone know the initial code of our storage units?,
Does someone have vanilla extract and baking soda? Pleaaaaseee,
Anyone applied for F1 visa in a third country that is not your home country or the UAE?,
Is anybody in need of / willing to attend a CDC internship session if one were to be held this week before the internship secondary funding deadline on May 3? (These sessions are mandatory for all and to be considered for internship funding),[
URGENT] Does anyone have a melodica i can borrow for a few hours?,
Anyone going to the US embassy/general area tomorrow at around 8:30 am??,
Pigeon inside my room what to do pls,
Is anyone else having trouble logging into newclasses?,
LaTex people: Is there any way to convert a PDF back to a tex file?,
For those that received funding for the summer: The internship funds will be reflected in your bank account by the end of today. Real AD and Research funding will be reflected in your bank account on Sunday.,
Is NYU Classes down?,
How do I select the College/Program in the CSS application. I can't seem to find the code that applies for us anywhere in my emails. Anyone know what it is?,
programme head of political science?,
A spare copy of Middlesex - Jeffrey Eugenides someone can give away, or a pdf file?,(
RESOLVED) Has anyone seen these Headphones around A6? 😭 please help. I need them to survive finals,
Has anyone seen my id pls,
Anyone from NYUSH or who has studied there who I could talk to?,(
Urgent) Does anyone have a recording device I could borrow for tomorrow? Thank you!,
Whereabouts of Anita Shishani?,
Who do I contact if I have questions regarding insurance and visa?,
Any stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dyingAny stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dying,(
resolved) hey guys, is there anyone who interned at hedayah that i can talk to?,
Researchers/professors who have done research on the relationships and/or power dynamics between emiratis and expats.Research on demographics,
urban development  and cultural appropriation of spaces in the UAE is also helpful!,
Does anyone have a mountain bike to borrow today? Asking for an amigo.,
US Embassy on Thursday morning???,
Anyone heading to the Yas area 2:30ish?,
hiiii! is there anyone who’s double majoring in psychology and srpp?,
Does anyone know who I can contact in the CDC for a *sort of* no objection letter?  It's not for the UAE Labor Ministry, and I need it in a v particular format (and it's a part of the internship pre-application) so the opportunities survey isn't useful :((,
Hi, I lost my earphones (similar to the one in the image). Has anyone seen them around? Thank you in advance,
Sunglasses found in the nomad pad in the arts center,
Anyone willing to take WO fitness level 2 at 7 am on Mondays and Wednesday next semester? (You dont necessarily need to take the level 1 class to join) Edit: writing this on behalf of a friend.. not staying here next semester lol peace out,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday, May 8th at 7:15 am and wants to share a cab.,
Comment with your Net ID if you are a Sophomore who is looking to do a finance internship in New York for your Junior Summer. The application process for most of the big banks is already underway, so I’m keen to write up some tips for those interested.,
where can we find the final exam schedule?,
Who should I contact if my locker code is not working? Also, how much is the fine to replace the code?,
Has anyone ever tried to 'manage their booking' on the Etihad website? I can check my itinerary alright, but when I try to access the option of modifying my booking (ie changing dates), it gives me this page. Does Nirvana block this option for us on Etihad? :(,
Does anyone have an American Express card? I have a favour and will pay,
Ya helweeen, anyone has a mop in A6B?❤️,
Who do i contact if there is an issue with my dining dirhams balance?,
Music Tech Fundamentals, prof's email please?,
Song recommendations for a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life?,
Who’s in charge for airport-campus buses? Alternatively, will there be any buses from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses?,
Has anyone interned with Knight Frank in Dubai?,
Econ Seniors: How is Pablo Hernandez-Lagos as a capstone advisor? His field of study is related to what I want to do, however if he's not a good advisor I'd rather go for someone else.,
What is the best way to get from Abu Dhabi Airport to Dubai, excluding the taxi option?,
Someone that has a non-custodial parent and filled out the CSS non-custodial parent profile? I'm confused and frustrated, please help!,
has anybody been able to fill out the non custodial css profile? It asks me to send them my non custodial parent's email address so they can send them the application but he hasn't received any emails,
Hey everyone (especially seniors), what are the reasons for which Global Ed will let you change your flight tickets? Is there a page or something that delineates it?,
US Embassy on 7th May? (My appointment is at 8:45),
Anyone who's in A5 and is good with STATA ?,
Anyone who can help integrate our python chatbot/app to our website?,
Anyone going to the US embassy on this Thursday at 7:45 am?,
Does anybody have elastic wrap or a wrist support that I might be able to have/borrow for a while? Nothing that immobilizes the wrist completely.,
Hi! Anyone going to the U.S. Embassy for visa appointment on Tuesday May 1 early morning (7:30 AM)? Thanks!,[
Resolved] anyone who has previously done statistics and is willing to share their written report? we want to check the format of it! Thank youuu,
Does anyone have a commencement ticket for me, please?,
Gardens Speak ticket 9:30 tonight available! Message me and I will forward it to you,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday morning? Around 7:15 am,
Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?,
Posting this on here bc apparently this sent to people who are not even my friends: if you got a weird link from me DO NOT click on it. How I got hacked is beyond me though, since i  didnt even use fb in ages ;-;,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow morning? Around 8:30,
anyone going to the US embassy/the area on Wednesday ~745am?,
What's the last day for Spring 2018 housing?,
Anyone seen a Black rectangular cas that has a small flap with Ikea written on it; contains my glasses :'( pls,
Has anyone seen a pink-ish cardigan from American Eagle around library/dining hall area? 😭,(
urgent) where is the best place to print photos for personal purposes? alternatively, is there any way to get the same effect with the ricoh printers around campus?,[
Urgent] Any female violinists willing to play for a wedding on Friday evening?,<
RESOLVED> Anybody have a copy of Deepak's Temporary People that I could borrow for a week?,[
Resolved] Any French speakers willing to help me translate something for a class? It won’t take more than 10 minutes. Thank you! Will repay in chocolates,
A6B people: pick up your clothes in the laundry room! Wet clothes are rotting in the baskets and it smells reeaally bad :(,
Any film major or good video creator wants to pioneer making a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life? All assets are already available.,
For the CSS/Financial Aid, "Country where the student lives" should be the UAE or my home country? What about permanent address?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have a copy of Introduction to Quantum Mechanics by A.C. Phillips that they would be willing to lend me for the next 2 weeks? Please? Help a girl understand whether the cat is dead, alive, or if Schrödinger was just making fun of everything! Also I want to pass FoS. Will repay with top notch puns and baked goods.,
A phone I can make intl calls with? please help me get my CSS account info back before the deadlineeee 😭😭😭,
Found this usb drive in 436, it’s with library front desk now,
Does anyone have an old mac charger they can lend for a few days or are selling? OR electric tape?,
Is there any way to borrow a laptop for an extended period? Like, til the end of the semester?  My laptop is about to die. :'(,
People who opened ADCB account last week: did you receive a text message from them? What do we do after the text?,
extra gardens speak ticket?,[
resolved] Does anybody have the iPhone sim opening pointy thingy ? (Pref in A2) Thanks !,
Anyone with a spare copy of George Orwell's A Collection of Essays and/or Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer they don't mind giving away? Asking for a friend  [Taken] Also, I have a bottle of conditioner which was barely used and around 150g of Twinings loose green tea up for grabs,
Does Al Liwan still have these (or similar) as placemats? Can someone take one and scan one/take a photo of one for me? I will appreciate u/pay u,
Hi, anyone want karak?,
Andrei Stoica Osama Mahmood Ali Nosherwan Hamed or any math major who is very familiar with k moments of the Gaussian Distribution, plzz I need your help!,
last post about Gardens Speak, sorry. If anyone has an extra ticket, please let me know.,
The contact number for room cleaning services?,
Hi Everyone! Today will be the last practice for this semester. and your last chance to try your hand at archery so head down to the outdoor basketball court at 5pm today if interested,
Guys can you tell me the different times Gardens Speak is happening today please?,
Can you please comment below if you're going to the URC Finals on April 30th at Abu Dhabi University? I'm thinking of getting the school to arrange a shuttle to take us there.,
hi oreos for a friend,
Hi sorry me again: anyone currently in the arts center that can do me a quick favor please please? 🙏🏼,
Will anyone be in Seville over the summer?,
Does anyone know professors who’re working/researching on Women Studies/Empowerment/Education... basically anything related to women?,
Prof. Bush is selling 2 tickets for dxbeats at Dubai Opera tonight - 200 aed instead of 275. Line-up: Yasmin Hamdan, Sharmoofers, The Wanton Bishops (and more I think)!,
People in floor 6 A5b. Please stop playing guitar/music. Trying to sleep here.,
What's the cheapest way of getting from Dubai airport to Abu Dhabi (tentative cost plsss) x,
Does anyone have ice cream they would like to donate to my friend who is having an extreme ice cream cravings? Thank you.,[
NVM lol] American students: How do i know if i need to submit the FAFSA with the CSS profile? An old post said not unless ur getting aid from FAFSA but how do I know where my aid is coming from?,
Lemons (1-2)? Asking for a sick friend,[
Urgent] anyone with an extra ticket for Gardens speak in English anytime tomorrow?,
Has anyone seen an Acer charger like this lying around somewhere? Alternatively, can I borrow someone's charger please. Thanks a ton.,
Anyone in the IM lab now?,
Anyone wants 100 USD in exchange for AED?,
Anyone with experience cashing a check from a US bank here in AD? What is the process like? Thank you :),
has anyone got an extra gardens speak ticket?,
Anybody did MVC with Paparella and has pretty notes that I could borrow for a few days?,[
Urgent] Anyone willing to give away their Gardens Speak ticket for the 8:30 or 9:30 show today?,
Does anyone know when should we expect to receive our pay for March if you have an assistantship on campus?,
What's the exact type of card that we get from ADCB? I'm particularly interested in international transaction fees.,
Folks taking Comparative Legal Systems in the Fall?,
Any jewellery shops in AD with good prices?,
does anyone have a betta fish and want some food for it,
Anyone has panadol cold and flu?,
Does anyone have whole black pepper that I can borrow? :) preferably A5? thank you so much in advance!,(
Resolved) Any french speakers in the library right now who could help me read a website?,
Hello :) I need help of 15 emirati students to try sample of three different face masks from Korea (for free!) My friend is developing high quality face masks and wants review of locals here - pm me if you could try them and share us some opinion (i assure they are pretty good),
Does anyone have/know someone on campus who has a Twillio account?,
Anyone that I could talk to regarding the IRB? Thankss!,[
URGENT] For the parents income and benefits details section, there's a part where they ask for : "Money given to the student's parents or paid on their behalf". Do I include the scholarship  NYUAD has given me in that section or no?,
Does anyone in A2 have a drying rack I could borrow for today?,
When/where is the Hackathon taking place?,
Non-US citizens: Will NYU ask us to submit supporting documents to the values we input on our CSS profile?,(
URGENT) Hi all! I need someone today from 4pm to 8pm to help me in being on one of the cameras for shooting my movie on campus.,
Looking for recommendations~~ Best islands in South East Asia in your opinion? Or any islands in South East Asia that is amazing for family travel?  great food, great beaches and beautiful accommodations with good prices?... Any recommendations super appreciated! thanks! See More,
There is chocolate cake available at the Baraha, please feel free to take a slice. The cake is from Shakespeare Cafe.,
Is it possible to request the ADNH/D2 to start serving smaller sized pizzas (perhaps 7 inches instead of the regular 12 inches). It might help with the food waste, I believe.,
Thoughts about "Probability & Statistics" with Federico Camia? Thanks.,
Is there anyone giving away Campbell biology book? I would love to have a copy. Thanks!,
Does anyone know where Neel Vohra is?,
Don’t know if this is the right forum. Don’t know where else to post.  I’ll be in London tomorrow with some time to kill. hmu if you’re in the city and want to chill. Could do with some NYUad love. PM me :),[
RESOLVED] People who had to receive a new CitiBank card while in Europe (Paris) - how long did it take for it to arrive and did you have to pay anything?,
Will there be buses running from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses? If yes, what dates?,
When does Studio XY close?,
If anyone is at WTC rn and needs an extra avengers ticket, text me 0503382905,[
Both gone] Giving away 1 last-minute Avengers ticket and 1 English Gardens Speak ticket for tomorrow 11AM. Listen to stories that must be heard.,
Is there anyone I could borrow cuff links from until Monday?,
Spare Avengers ticket for tonight?,
Anyone with an extra ticket for Avengers tonight?,
Does anyone have a large world map that I could borrow for a day?,
Looking for Android/Web front end developers who would like the fame and glory of winning Hackathon. COME JOIN US THIS WEEKEND AND WORK WITH MENTORS FROM KICK ASS COMPANIES LIKE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK,
People taking Quantum Mechanics! Do you mind switching the time to Mon/Wed 11:50-1:05?,
extra avenger ticket?,
Anyone who has front-end skills who would like to join our team in the hackathon?,
Hey everybody, it's your least favorite study away:  I left my clubmasters in A6 room 001 yesterday.  I feel half-human without her.  I've tried lost and found and nobody has turned these in.  So if somebody finds them, could you please turn them in? Help reunite a man with his love, pls and thank you <3,
I am looking for a burgee (small flag) of NYUAD. We got something like this I think with acceptance letter 3 years ago, but I am looking for one more - does anyone know where I can buy/get one?,
Greetings everyone! Witness the greatest rivalry on campus, seniors vs underclassmen. Will the seniors graduate with glory, or is it the underclassmen that'll be left with a tale for their children? Come, find out who gains victory in the last cricket match of the year. Saturday, 28th April at 1 pm Performance Gymnasium... P.S. your appetite will be taken care of with boti street, pizza hut and krispy kreme See More,
Anybody with experience of getting proof of address for living on campus at NYUAD?,
Anyone got tickets for avengers they are not using ?,
gone!!  Anyone want 2 tickets to the 4pm (English) show of Gardens Speak today?,
Are there specific computers on campus that have photoshop installed or do all of them have it?,
Feminist books/ essays recommendations pls?,
Anyone with 2 spare tickets to Avengers tonight?,
Extra ticket to avengers? Asking for a friend.,
Vitamin/immunity tablets that dissolve in water, please?,[
RESOLVED]Hey guys! Is there anyone in Washington or NYC now who will be in Abu Dhabi for the Summer and could help me carry a box of clothes to AD? I'm trying to order something from an online store but they will only ship to the US. The total weight of the package would be around 1.5kg and I'm happy to pay for the inconvenience. Thanks!,
Does anybody have 2 tickets for Avengers they could give away pretty please?,[
sold out] Anyone who wants the ticket for today’s boat party? I have two tickets and would like to sell them. :),
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport late evening this Friday 26 April ?,
Regarding UAE visa: If your visa expired, so you're given a new entry permit, and you are coming to Dubai for a summer internship, does the school ask you to book your tickets to Abu Dhabi instead?  In the e-mails we get from Global Ed regarding traveling, the Office asks students who book their own tickets to book them to Abu Dhabi, not Dubai.  Has anyone been in a situation like this that I can talk to?,
Hi, bonitos. Does anybody have an Ice pack?,
Interested in research on education? 📚So were these seniors. 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓Come join ElevatED this Sunday, 29th @6PM in E-231 to hear about their capstones! Sushi and brownies will be served.,
Does anybody have a spare ticket for tomorrow’s Avengers?,
If I have a UK student visit visa (the kind they give you for J-term) that is multiple entry and still valid, can I enter the country without the letter from the school stating what I'll be doing there?,
Hi, does anyone know how to get an official bank statement for our Citibank cards?,
CSS Profile: What are we supposed to fill in regarding this question - "Will the student receive tuition benefits during any year of attendance?" there is another question for scholarships, so I am a bit confused,
Need a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rentNeed a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rent,
Physical location of undergraduate research funding office?,
has anyone seen a pair of black wayfarer ray ban sunglasses around?,[
RESOLVED --> C2 front desk ] I forgot it was Thursday and left all my stuff in the library lol what do they usually do with our stuff?,
What is the overnight guest policy for after May 20?,
Any recommendations for good places to stay in Paris just for a week?,
How do I update my time preferences to Asia/Dubai (GMT +04:00) ...don't seem to see the option. :( Thank you!,
Whoever left an empty gift box on my car is like super mean, not just because ur littering but because u made me thiNK THAT IM LOVED and that maybe someone got me a lil something whICH COULDVE BEEN CUTe but like no;. 0/10 prank :(,
Help! Does Global Ed keep copies of our previous I-20 forms? Thank you!,
How long does IRB approval take? Thank You ❤,
asking for a male friend - a nice and reasonably priced place to get a haircut in RAK?,
People working for Admissions Office - does anyone know who is the head of recruiting for the position of admissions ambassador? Shukran in advance : ),
Does anyone have a usb-c charger/cord I could borrow for the weekend? Ill be off campus so I cant use the one from the library.,
Anybody has some salt? Need some ASAP 🙏🏽,
Does anyone have a couple of cups of planting soil I could have?,
Anybody who couldn’t get into intro to accounting want to petition for another session to be opened Fall 1? 😀,
Any possibility of finding a 2 credit math class from the math major, not the engineering ones? I need one for my major requirements.,
Hii if you think you dropped some money in the A5C laundry room earlier today, pm me the correct amount and I'll return it,
Cupcake/muffin liners anyone?,
Which restaurants do you guys usually order from for a weeknight dinner delivery to campus? Any recs? (other than KFC) :),
Hi friends! I'm looking for scholars/researchers/experts who study reward-based/incentive systems for teenagers in sports/recreational activities. Does anyone have any pointers of where to start looking? A couple of names would be hugely helpful.,[
Solved] Anyone currently in the library can do me a small favor? PM me.,
Does anyone know the title of the series of photos that are in the very last room in Louvre? They depict the guy whose face gradually gets covered with the hieroglyphs.,
Anyone has a winter jacket I can borrow? (<15 C degree kind of weather).,
Urgent - does anyone know how to fill the non-custodial profile on the new CSS Profile? help bls,
a medium sized cooking pot I could borrow for tonight?,
Want to see what a typical NYUAD essay looks like? Help me build an AI to write one!!  My final project for the Art Intel class is teaching an AI to write in the style of NYUAD students, but I need some data to finish (I won't sell it and get a fascist government elected in the most powerful country with the data, I promise). All I need is your most BS essays so that the AI learns to write in that style. You can submit here literally anything with or without your name. https:...//goo.gl/forms/6SSP8aBVmQTLLJV23 Please help me with this experiment! I hope to make funny sentences like DeepDrump below, and submit it to the Gazelle. Thanks a bunch! https://twitter.com/deepdrumpf See More,
Trying to purchase a ticket for 600 AED but my card's being weird. Is there anybody who can help me pay using their card and I'll give you cash on the spot?,
Hi, probably not the most appropriate forum but I thought some might benefit from this:  If anyone is looking for summer housing in NY, a friend of mine is subletting her room in Brooklyn nearby Prospect Park (wow, what a wonderful location!) from June-Sept.  Pm if interested.,
Has anyone been paid for March student assistantship?,[
RESOLVED]Does someone know where Vic Lindsay's Office is?,
Gauging interest for an Ultimate Frisbee SIG. May possibly invite a coach to come in and teach competitive ultimate frisbee play. Any skill level is welcome! Comment below your netID if you are interested! Comment with your skill level if you are very very very interested!,
Attitude is wrapping up this season of dance classes on May 4th, with the Spring Recital: Regenesis ✨  This semester we will perform 2 shows, one starting at 7 pm and the second one at 9 pm, in the Black Box of the Arts Center.  Tickets are limited so book yours now!,
Does anyone have a jewelry holder that I could borrow for tomorrow's flea market? :) Thank you!,
Update: I need one again please help 😢  Anyone got a flower vase I can borrow for a couple of days? Will return before the weekend,
Hello! We need photographers for Latino Night happening TONIGHT from 6-9ish pm. please comment if you can help out! We'd be so grateful.,
anyone else having problems with nyu email? im not getting emails i should be getting,
Anyone has action figures or dolls I can borrow for a stopmotion short project?,
When is the study away form live?,
One ticket for commencement? Thank you! <3,
Can anyone recommend the cheapest way to crash in London for a month for 2 people?,
If I ask Student Life to provide a shuttle to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair, would you sign up?,
Does someone have a mosquito racquet or some good ol' Raid I could please borrow? Help me take back my territory.,
Required: people whose mother tongue is French! Participate in this study and earn some money 😊 send an e-mail if you’re interested,
Seniors on Guest Travel Assistance: did the school send your visa to any of your parents yet?,
Anyone could tell me who the head of economics department is? 😅,
can anyone lend me/is there anywhere I can find black spray paint on campus?,
Any Omani's on campus? Or people who lived in Oman? Would like to ask a question or two about the music scene in Oman 🇴🇲,
Anyone who have taken Music Technology Fundamentals and have spare time to talk,
Any people waitlisted for Intro to Accounting? Looking to email for a new section to be opened, please comment Net ID’s,
Can I get things laminated at the library?,
Besides the CSS do we have to send any other documents by email?,
Also somebody left their room card at the CDC. Come pick if up at reception desk.,
This calculator was lying outside the library (on the round tables in front of red sofas). It's with public safety - ground floor of campus center,
Anyone in A6B have paracetamol?,
People taking Intro to Game Theory next semester, would you be interested in changing the class to 10:15am or 11:50am?,
Anyone have any CRC or equivalent products?,
For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?,
On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens)On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens),
best online free plagiarism checker?,
are your chances of getting summer housing significantly lower if you applied after Feb 28👀👀 ((asking for a friend obv)),
Anyone enrolled in MENASA section 001 for the fall 2018 and want to switch to section 002?,[
Etihad Flight Pricing] Hi, does anyone know anything about (etihad specifically?) flight pricing? Flights from tomorrow to two weeks out are 66% the price of flights outside that time window. When an Etihad flight is less than two weeks away, do they drop the price? Or is this maybe just reflecting general travel trends (ie lots of students flying home to the Middle East after May 10)? I'm trying to buy a flight on or around May 20, and trying to decide whether to buy now or wait.,
How is Kevin Coffey in terms of participation grading? I'm in a class with him this semester and fearing for my final grade.,
anyone good at data analysis and free tmrw? between 4ish and 5ish tia!,
Hi people! Someone forgot their headphones in the Ahlan Ramadan event in the Arts Center. We placed it on the table @ baraha,
Hey everyone! Is there someone who has the syllabus to the U.S.A & UAE comparative legal systems class (Doesn't matter if it is an older version)?,
I refuse to believe that someone stole the mouse from the computer in A6C. If you took it as a prank please return it ASAP and do not inconvenience others. Public safety will be asked to check the cameras.,
Is there any senior guy living in A5B who can check in a guest around May 13th?,
Anyone who rented a long-term apartment (over 6 months) in AD?,
Has anyone applied for a US visa (preferably F1) in London? How long did the process take? TIA.,
Can someone who is currently taking FOS 5 and 6 send me the syllabus?,
Courses/Study Aways besides the 12 general paths? Like the Cuba Film Study away? Anything and everything you think might be interesting in this direction please! :),
Does anyone have a can of condensed milk they are willing to part with?,
Hey, guys! I need the help of someone, who can operate a ZOOM recorder and who is willing to help me on a shoot tomorrow on campus from 4 to about 6.30. Pm me if you can lend a hand. Thanks!,
Luggage scale anyone, please?,
Yas Waterworld ticket prices and do they offer student discounts?,
Location of the office in charge of commencement stuff?,
For a personal art project (directed at anyone who identifies as Asian in some way or another): What is your favourite memory of your parents showing love to you? Especially if it is different from parental love in European/ American culture (hugs, verbal confirmation etc),
Anyone else having wifi issues these past two days?,
Who's taking shaami in the fall? Could you comment your netIDs?,
Underclassmen econ majors who are interested in education?,
Does anyone have a skirt that looks like this in colors black/red that I could borrow tomorrow? Thank youuuu,
Recommendations for massage places in this city?   What's a good price for a 1-2 hour long massage? Anyone done it at Studio XY (which charges 275 dirhams)?,
Do we still have access to NYU Classes after graduation?,
anyone have any experience with petitioning for a different site for study away that doesn’t mind helping out a confused freshman?,
On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?,[
resolved] Does anyone have some honey they want to get rid of?,
Is anyone thinking of doing something cute for Vic?,
MY EMIRATE FRIENDS PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS OPPORTUNITY!,
Was it just me or did anyone else receive an email saying that their summer housing has been cancelled? I remember filling the application, but ResEd never followed up with me :/,
NBAD or ADCB?,
Question for students who make art (photography, paintings only) : what's the average number of artwork you produce per month?,
Farhana Goha’s office location?,
Anyone with the experience of using baggage storage at AUH?,
Print on-the-go anywhere and anytime from your mobile device. Click here to begin: https://goo.gl/forms/485OxQ6bHx4E5Vc72,
Anyone who switched to CS in their sophomore year I can talk to? Preferably with little to no previous experience in CS.,
On Albert, I chose a recitation time out of two options, but I want to switch to the other option. Albert doesnt let me drop the recitation, what can I do?,
Anyone missing these notes? Not sure how this got to me,
are we getting another stipend before summer?,
random question but is our official name "New York University Abu Dhabi" or "New York University in Abu Dhabi" because i keep seeing both,
Hi hi, are there any native French speakers here who can help me proofread about 5-6 pages before this Sunday? Much thanks. :),
Where do I find the proof of enrollment letter on the new Albert?,
Does anyone (preferably in A2) have an ice pack I can borrow for tonight? Appreciate it.,
Anyone has a house party lights I can borrow for a film project? Need the lights from 10 - 1pm on Thursday. Your name will be included in the end credits :),
Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq‘s phone number? We need him in a meeting.,
Is it true that if you are doing a math minor and you placed into MVC, you would have to replace the Calculus requirement with another math class instead of only having to take 3 classes?,
hoomans,  SJP will be hosting an event from 7.30 to 9 tonight and is in the urgent need of a photographer to document the event.  if you are willing to help, please reach out to us!... you will be rewarded with loads of love and maneesh :) See More,
Looking for professors/researchers who are knowledgeable about hyperspectral imaging, satellites, and/or sensors used in oceanography. I've already talked to Phillip Panicker, Ian Dobbs-Dixon, and John Burt. Anyone else to reach out to would be much appreciated :),[
RESOLVED] Anyone with one night's worth of contact solution?,
People who have had their high school diplomas accredited while not at home: is it possible to have it approved by the UAE embassy in your country through power of attorney, and if so, does the attorney have to be from your country or from the UAE? Alternatively, were you able to just get it approved by the embassy of your country in the UAE?,
alumni: has anyone here been asked for an accredited university diploma for anything other than a job in the UAE/grad school in Europe?,
is anybody going to spinneys tomorrow? i just want a tiny favor :(,
is it true that our capstones are submitted to turnitin???? asking for a friend,
Hello!! Alum in need of some help understanding lyrics to a song performed by Umm Kulthumm about the Aswan Dam: حقق المعجزات عزم جمــــــال فاحمدوا الله ان حباكم جمـــــالا هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سالا تبرا وذلك فاض نضــــالا... حين ألوى بعهده مقرض المال وحاد الصديـق عنـا ومــــالا واستدار التاريخ ينظـــر هــل يستسلم الليث أم يصول وصالا I would be super grateful if someone could tell me the general gist of these lines/correct my own understanding of them!! See MoreSee Translation,
Anyone seen a notebook with a drawing of a girl holding a lantern on the cover? Its missing and has all my class notes!,
Link for the dope underclassmen #interclassico video? I've heard it's lit af,
Has anyone managed to Pass/Fail a class after the deadline while in NY?,
does anybody have a bike that i can borrow for like 30 minutes <3,
Somebody left those on the couch in the CDC.,
Can I change the point of exit for my flight if I'm coming to Abu Dhabi from elsewhere after summer break?,
Anybody have a large transparent bowl that I can borrow for tomorrow night? Preferably Plastic :),
My Mac is going nuts (touch bar with volume and brightness options has disappeared, it restarts at random times and reports "Your Mac has restarted because of a problem"). Has anyone encountered such an issue before or does anyone know how to fix it?,
Any professors specialising in cybersecurity/ tech in China?,
Can women get haircuts at the men's studio y salon? Given that I'm getting a fairly gender neutral style it would be nice to save that 130aed...,
are there still shuttles to the Louvre?,
Anyone taking FOS 1 and 2 next semester? I have questions,[
Resolved] Can people leave their guitars anywhere on campus over summer? Alternatively any kind Emirati who would like to adopt a fender for 3 months?,
if i request an overload for a class, get it, then switch to another one, do i have to fill the form again?,
Hi, I can't seem to find my sunglasses, blue Ray Bans with alcantara covering, anywhere. Please let me know if you've seen them around. (Can bring you a sweet of choice from NY),
Has anyone recently (last two weeks) applied for an Omani visa and is familiar with details regarding the E-visa? Keen to find out if the student visa presents any problems. Any help is appreciated!,
Ibuprofen please? Preferably in A2.,
Anyone going to Dubai/DXB tomorrow afternoon around 5pm?,(
RESOLVED) Need $800, anyone wants to exchange for AEDs?,
Has anybody taken Economic History of the Middle East (Bob Allen) in previous semesters?,
Pm if interested in being the photographer for a student organized event - tonight 7:30-9:00PM,
Anyone going towards Musaffah / Zayed Sports City area around 8 tomorrow morning??,
Anyone know who's in charge of Advancement Opportunities applications? Thanks!,
URGENT - does anyone have green yarn I can borrow? (for capstone),
Are there gonna be shuttles to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair? It's only fair...,
Where do we find the Non-Custodial Profile? Or does our n-c parent get it via email once we submit the CSS profile?,
Anyone who's going to NYU Grad starting Fall 2018? PM me pls,
I need $50, does anyone want to exchange for dirhams? 😊,
Thoughts on Multi Ethnic Democracy and the professor? Gimme deets on the workload, grading and everything in general,
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport tomorrow at around 11 am?,
SECOND LANGUAGE CURRENT OR EX-LEARNERS: (or if you're on your 8th one) I have exactly 5.1 questions for you! Tessa Thornton and I will love you forever if you can fill this survey out. Plsplspls help (refer to link below) https://nyu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0oBzGiw9HV4L5vD,
sweater in E047,
did anyone have experience fixing a water damaged macbook here in AD? asking for a friend,
Anyone who experienced Ramadan on campus and interested in being featured in a video for the Dean’s office?,
I was lucky enough to get a few extra things with my laundry last night from A6B laundry room. Think it's because someone had put our clothes on top of each other on the bench when they took our things out of a machine, and I guess I was too bad at separating them! Sorry for that! But send me a message if you're missing these.,
is there anyone who has studied away in Madrid or is planning to study away in Madrid, that I could have a talk with?,
anyone ever asked for a letter of rec from prof shamoon zamir? does he write it, or have you write it yourself and send it back to him?  i'm an infant and trying to avoid the turmoil of coming up with positive things to say about myself  :(,
Anyone around the library with a Mac charger?,[
Resolved] Exchanging up to USD 200 for AED. Save me a trip to the mall, please!,
Long shot but are there any kathak dancers on campus this semester?,
Hey!! Is there anyone who took a leave of absence (esp in the middle of a semester) and can answer a couple of questions?? Thanks in advance!!,
Is anyone looking for this? Its's been in a classroom for a few weeks.,
Anybody who has had a guest stay over at Palladium for over 6 days?,
Is the Second Chance Store happening this semester?,
Anyone who was accepted to Yale-NUS and ended up going to NYUAD? PM me.,
Galito's in the baraha!!,
People who applied for an earlier graduation certification for work visa purpose that can share some insights about the process?,
Is there anywhere I can find a protractor on campus?,(
URGENT) does anyone have the book "Shirbrig and the Project of a United Nations Army" by Joachim Koops and Christof Tatschl?,
Something for fever? Ibuprofen?,
Summer Housing: has anyone gotten a confirmation from Res Ed about rooms for the summer (esp. PTPP seniors) or knows when they will be sending them out??,
Ernesto Reuben's office hours? Also, is he teaching any classes this semester?,
There's a series of videos titled "Shit Freshmen/Sophomores/Juniors say" that were posted to NYUAD Student Life back in the day (~2013/14) None of the alumni can access them, but if anyone could download them and send me a copy I would be eternally grateful.,
Any recommendations for portfolio website builders? to be used in long term, and free if possible.. thanks!,
Urgent: does anyone have a TI-nspire cx cas that I can borrow for tomorrow ? Specifically that model please please please!,
Anyone on campus from/has lived in:  Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Dijbouti, Kuwait, Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Tunisia, Yemen, Oman, Iraq?  Please pm me,
Anyone knows where I can get an NYUAD back drop for the capstone film screenings that are happening from the 22nd till the 27th at 8Pm and 28th at 4pm?  I will need to keep the backdrop throughout these days so we can take fire pictures of guests and filmmakers. Please let me know.❤️❤️❤️,
Go Green! and run today with On Your Feet at 6:00 pm Welcome Center. Also, fitness center treadmills will be off, so go out and enjoy the weather! #muchgreen #wow #sofast,
Does anyone know if the insurance we have has a limit on how much we can spend? Or does it cover everything regardless of the amount?,
Best ophthalmologists in AD, covered by insurance?,
Wax paper please?,
In need of as many thermo cans/flasks as possible. Anyone please?,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Selling Apple accessories: 1 USB-C MBP charger + cable (13 inch, brand new, 85% retail price) 1 USC-C cable (used 3 months, 65% retail price)... 1 MBP case (13 inch, Incase, black, used for 5 months, 50% retail price) See More,
Hello friends v random question idek but does anyone have any experience with doing freelance work; mainly illustration/design but any advice would be greatly appreciated. Pls help me give my life a purpose bc it's falling apart thx <3,
Film graduates please send us your defense papers and save us from a group breakdown. Thank you. ❤️,
Is the summer housing portal still down for everyone?,
Someone left their wet clothes in two dryers in A6C (or maybe you tried to use them overnight and somehow the power cut?) I'm guessing at this point you're going to want to rewash them... :(,
A question for those who took courses at Stern a few years ago. Do you know how long we will be having access to class video recordings on NYUClasses? Will our access expire after we go back to Abu Dhabi, after we graduate or it will never expire?,
Has anyone taken a class with Jason Greenberg in Stern before?,
How is the core Religion and Philosophy with Kalle Taneli in terms of workload? It'll also be nice if I can get reviews about the professor/course.,
Does anyone know where I can find lots of ruled sheets on campus? Alternatively does someone have a bunch of ruled sheets I can use (preferably of a large size)?,[
Resolved] Does the CSS profile now have a different format or am i filling out the wrong thing? 😅,
Hey guys! Looking for people who will be around in AD (and FREE) from 7-14 May and potentially want to go on an Oman road trip. PM me if interested!,
Anyone who has worked with Unity and can help me for a bit? I promise its short. TIA,
guys i really need this sticker before i graduate - does anyone know how i can get it? gotta have the reason why i’m not in debt in a month glistening on my laptop!!,
Hey guys, what's the room with all the condoms at the health and wellness?,
Hi! I am currently enrolled in FFM but I want to swap my recitation timing from the 10:25-11:40 section to the 11:50-13:05 section. Anybody willing to swap?? Alternatively, does it matter if I go to the latter section even if I am not enrolled in it?!? TIA,
Will we have summer courses in the future ?Will we have summer courses in the future ?,
Anyone has a sewing kit to lend? Thanks!!,
A copy of Crazy Rich Asians I could borrow ? Pls and thanks 😁,
Hey guys!  I am looking for someone who is fluent in Arabic internet slang and someone who is fluent in Brazilian-Portuguese internet slang. If you speak/text both, even better!  Thank you!,
Online Escape the Room recommendations?,
Found someone’s SIM card in the library. Left it on the table on the left by the first printer.,
Hi ! Does anyone know where Naima Hafeez's office is located? Thanks in advance.,
how competitive is it to receive a second internship summer funding in the UAE? in other words should I save my internship funding for the summer of sophomore year?,
anyone who was enrolled in legal systems and method last fall?,
Anyone ever had their NYU ID cease to work twice in one week? I think my stopped working last night and I just got a new one on Thursday...,
How intense is the workload for Sensors, Body and Motion?,
Hello Everyone!! Just a short survey and I will be very happy if you take few seconds (like literally) to vote where you belong in this survey! The result will be used in my essay for my FYWS final Essay. Thank you for your participation! ,
Reviews for EgyptAir?,
Anybody knows the email of Audrey from GlobalEd?,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda can help me pick up a phone? Thanks!,
Any people interested in Introduction to Accounting (7-Week) at a different time (e.g. 10:25...) and/or in Fall 2?,
Is anyone here into emo / math rock / revival? Looking for friends to get my sad jams on with for the end of the year,
Reviews for Jetstar Airlines? pretty please,
Working hours of the nirvana office?,
Did someone take my ballot? I haven't cast a vote yet and I get this! Please help me exercise my political right!,[
RESOLVED] My NYU ID works fine but is very very worn down at this point - I can’t read any of the emergency/security/health and wellness numbers and the barcode is almost entirely gone. Will public safety give me a free replacement or would I have to pay 100 dirhams to get a new one?,
Any thoughts on the course Social Networks with prof. Blaine Robbins?,
If the Student Portal 'courses' list shows a class for fall semester (CCEA - Abstraction Prof. Salwa Mikdadi) that Albert doesn't have, does this mean the class will be held or not?,
Anybody with experience in cleaning fish-tanks or fish (as pets) in general? Edit: The problem is, no matter how well I clean the fish-tank, the water gets green in like a few hours. This is very unusual because this hasn't happened ever and I've had the fish for almost 3 months now.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, guys! I lost my ID card somewhere around either D2 or C2. If you see/find it, please let me know. Will be forever thankful!,
Urgent Does anyone have AAA batteries?,
This global leader threw his phone in the air celebrating the #YearOfZayed only to find that it was too weak to take the fall.  Not only is my screen broken, but my phone is now randomly messaging people.  Any ideas what it'll cost me to repair this?   Thanks, and celebrate the #YearOfZayed responsibly.,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda tonight and wants to share a cab?,[
Resolved] Anyone who's completed the CSS financial aid profile?,
Does anyone have an embroidery hoop I can borrow? Alternatively, does the costume shop have one? Thanks,
Anyone (preferably in A5C) with a pair of scissors I can borrow?,
Urgent: Does anyone have a piece of photo paper I can buy off them please?,
Come to the Salon to watch Alexa Chung talk about the Future of Fashion! 💜 Ft. Anita and Russo's pizza 😊,
NON-Latinos: What is your favorite reggeaton/latino songs?,
Looking for a long arm stapler on campus! Something like this,
Urgent, has anyone seen headphones like these around/maybe took them by mistake? Last seen in A2B lounge around 4 hours ago...,
Internship funding away from home peeps: when will we get the $$$? :),
Does anyone have a keyboard on campus with them that doesn’t mind lending it for a few hours for a performance? Pls, it’s really important,
Anyone who works with NYUAD Access that I could speak to?,
Anyone interested in taking photos for Interclassico on April 25 (Wednesday) from 6:30 to 8:30? <3,
Least used printers on campus? (speculations welcome),
Places in the UAE where I can order makeup online? I'm lazy.,
Does anyone know how to switch the audio in the East Forum from the speakers in the back room to the speakers in the main room?,
GIRLS FOOTBALL TEAM ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. GAME STARTS IN 30 MINUTES,
URGENT!!! GIRLS FOOTBALL ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. COME WATCH AN EXCITING GAME AT 3PM!!!!!!!,
Anyone traveling from AD to New York anytime soon?,
Typically we hear stories about assholes who don't have common curtesy in the laundry rooms, but today I want to tell you a story about a good samaritan.  As I was busy pretending to be a future leader in the dining hall, a true future leader saw that my clothes were finished in the washing machine.  Being the future leader that he is, he had the foresight to not only take out my clothes and put them into a drier, but he also started it.  It's true, the heroes aren't just in the movies.  God bless <3,
Does anyone know of how the class " Advanced Reading and Writing: Identities and Metamorphoses" is? Is it for upperclassmen? Who teaches it? Is it new?  I saw it in the writing section (where FYWS is) of the courses listed in Albert.,
I completely forgot this about the css profile, Is NYUAD not listed or do we put in NYU?,
Long shot: Anyone going to the Egyptian Embassy this week and would like to share a cab?,
Haiiiii! Does anyone have a copy of 'Temporary People' that they're willing to part with / sell?,
fierce and generous proofreaders?,
Reviews on the 2 credit film class: producing the short film by Wahbeh Fadi ? Please, thank you 😀,
Anyone has popcorn? Preferably around A2?,
Yo, if anyone is coming over the summer, I’ll be subletting my room ❤️ it’s walking distance to campus, in a really nice doorman apartment with laundry, a patio, doorman, (shitty) gym and all that jazz. I’ll sub it for cheaper than nyu housing, and HELLA cheaper than NYU single. You can also use my midi and guitar and hooka and yada-yada-yada. Hmu ❤️ (Mid may-mid July),(
resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇(resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇,
I require you to vote? (Is that how this works?) https://studentvote.nyu.edu  Since you are already reading let me elaborate on why I think Tami is comparably better candidate for the President: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE WITH STUGOV - we are approaching a transitional period without Vic Lindsay and with new constitution. We need somebody who was involved in Abu Dhabi StuGov and can transition to the presidential position almost without any guidance. -she GETS STUFF DONE - she does no...t only start a project but also finishes it, be it working with ResEd or class events. -she is EASY TO REACH - answers her e-mails and can make time for you/your representation when necessary. She makes time to listen to your concerns and gives advice if she can. -she is SUPPORTING YOU, NOT IDEOLOGIES - it is the student voice that matters to her, not transnational concepts. -she is not gonna be buying your votes - I am doing this because I am scared of her not winning, not because she asked. Lets be real she will not do any kind of propaganda. PM me/comment any questions you might have - I can elaborate on any of the points and why I think them applicable ONLY to Tami. See More,(
resolved) FORMS OF WRITING FOR THE SCREEN I am reaching out to those enrolled in Forms of Writing for the Screen, especially those who are not film majors. Despite registering as soon as the enrollment was opened, I did not get a place on the Forms of Writing for the Screen course with Scandar, and am currently the second on the waitlist. ... Being a decided freshman Film (Practice) major, it is mandatory that I take the course in the fall, and it is the last requirement to fulfill to study away in sophomore spring. My courses have been planned towards that goal for the past two semesters, and are jeopardized because of a single course. It should also really be taken ASAP to do better in screenwriting for other film projects. Would someone please kindly drop the course to spare a lot of worries and e-mails? Either someone enrolled, or the first person on the waitlist. I understand that this may be a lot to ask, and that I am in no way more entitled to have the spot, but if you could just PM me to have a discussion about this, I would be tremendously grateful.  Please do respond to this, and thank you in advance. See More,
Does anyone have a camera I can borrow for tomorrow morning?,
Anyone know where on campus I can get an antivirus installed? I think you can at IT, but that was a while ago.,
anyone know of an Emirate folktale about food?,
Strange request, but does anyone have any coals?,
Hye !  Can anyone please tell me who the faculty advisor for the CubeSat SIG is?  Kinda urgent. TIA,(
RESOLVED) Anyone want to play tarneeb now?,
Does anyone have experience with getting a lost Emirates ID replaced? How long does the process take? Alternatively, does anyone know if the Immigration Desk on campus has scans of our IDs?,(
resolved!) hi hi does anyone have painkillers? asking for a paralyzed friend :(,
Like/comment if the only reason you still use Facebook (not messenger) is NYUAD groups like this one, Student Life and Forum.,
Vacuum Cleaner Please! Anyone?,
Can you still submit an assistantship time sheet a month (or months*) late?,
does anyone have elementary chinese 1 and/or 2 textbook/s i can borrow this summer?,(
Resolved) A swimming cap? I just need two briefly for tonight.,
Hello, can I borrow someone's filming equipment (zoom, lights, etc.) tomorrow for a few hours? Thank you in advance!,
Anyone attending MENA Diplomacy Dialogue on Sunday? PM me if you want to share a ride to EDA <3,
Where is the cheap jet skiing?,
Hey errybody, who has the board games (House on the Hill, Colony, etc)?,
Nyuguest wifi password? Please and thanks so much,
Thoughts on professor Anisa Shyti?,
How do i find syllabi for NY classes?,
Anyone have a baking tray and/or mixing bowl I could borrow? Will repay with cookies!!,
is there a way to request to count more than 2 courses towards a major in study away?,
Hey! Does anyone have two spare commencement tickets?,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
For double majors how does the capstone/extra classes work? I'm double majoring in SRPP and Film, but would do a Film capstone. If I did a joint capstone, would I be taking four capstone classes or just the two? If I just do a Film capstone, do I just take two non-Foundational electives for SRPP?,
Can anyone share their thoughts on Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin? (in terms of workload...) Thanks in advance.,
I caught your attention 😀  GOLF SIG just got revived. We are figuring the budget but gauging the interest now. There would be at least 50% CoPay (between 50- 80 AED) or possibly full price - depending on the "budget cuts" and the generosity of the StuGov.  Could you please comment your name ONLY IF you would be willing to pay (possibly with specifying how much is your MAX PRICE you are willing to pay) and come to at least 2/10 sessions? (If you feel like sharing: telling us your level - beginner, intermediate, advanced...PGA champion - would also help),
A very large blanket or tarp? Preferably blue! Or maybe where I could find one on campus? Thank you!,
Guest wifi password please?,
Resolved!  Can I talk to someone who's done or is doing a joint capstone (in two majors)?,
I thought I couldn’t go but turns out I can IF ONLY I HAD A TICKET TO THE GALA HELP ANYONE HAS AN EXTRA ONE? 🙏,
Which dining hall is open?,
Yet another bird post, I know, but this little fella seems to have a cut on its back and seems to be injured. Idk what  else to do other than place it in a box with some water ( i used gloves dw). Any suggestions as to what I should do?,
Anyone knows who I should go to if I lost my glasses during gala by any chance?,
Do we give our Core Curriculum User Guide and our Bulletin back somewhere or do we get rid of them? I.e. is there someone who would be interested in keeping them?,
It’s here! Join Attitude and the Caribbean SIG today at 6 pm (Arts Center 114) for a fun workshop in Jamaican Dancehall 💃🏽,
Resolved -Anybody who has any information concerning the whereabouts of my backpack (gray/ jansport/ identifying documents inside/ mac charger) is strongly encouraged to contact me,
PSA: D2 reopens at 12pm for lunch,
Tala Nassar’s number?,
Anyone going from New York to Abu Dhabi early May?,
On the tables in baraha,
Is it possible to transfer my US tourist visa to a student visa?,
Has anybody managed to borrow a camera from the library or the arts center over summer without being a film major/minor. If so, how? Thanks!,
sleepin pill preferably in a6b?,
Should I be worried if I didn’t get an email of confirmation after I selected my room?,
My soul (pretty damaged but OK) in exchange for ibuprofen, preferably in A2??,
Summer Funding UAE Secondary Deadline is May 3rd [9 AM, GST]. The UAE grant is for students who have secured an internship within the UAE. These internships must be at least six weeks in length. The UAE summer internship grant provides support towards the cost of airfare, accommodation, local transportation, and meals.... Maximum award available is USD 4000.  Notification: May 9th See More,[
Resolved] Anyone who has a bike (doesn't matter mountain/road) to lend me just for tomorrow early morning, tons of thanks:),
Phone credit? Anyone?,[
URGENT] guys pls help, i need an easy structures or literature core (old core) for next semester, any recommendations?,
Opinions on Dawn Chatty (esp Displacement and Dispossession in the Middle East)?,
Reviews on FOMST with Elisabeth Anderson?,
I have an extra ticket for the Gala. It´s free. My room is open I will leave it on the top of the microwave. Don´t take anything else. a2c 615.,
Any Japanese speakers who would be willing to do live translation on calls? Basically I would ask a question in English, you would need to translate to Japanese and then translate the response back to English. It will be 3-4 hours worth of calls for which we would pay USD 100 in total.  The calls would be spread over 3-4 days so you will not need to work for more than 1-2 hours every day - just have a flexible schedule as the calls will be quite last  minute.  PM me if you're interested!,
Anyone planning to cab to the gala?,
Does anyone want to share a cab to the Galla today at 8:15pm?,
Wtf is the fine system in the library? I have been charged some money out of nowhere with no one informing me,
anyone taken comparative legal systems with shakeel and had the course count as a poli sci elective?,
Does anyone have a curler in A5B? Pls help I have long hair that need to be tamed :c,
Fishing line anyone? pls,
Friends, what are some classes being offered in the fall I absolutely should take before getting out of here for good?,
Anyone who’s interned with MWH before?,
Cores offered by literature professors?,
Risk Management Live Streaming at A6-006 (Happening Right Now!!) click the link below to access the live streaming for ... Risk Management Strategy by Vaishakh Nair, Senior Consultant of Protiviti working in Energy & Utilities See More,
How is Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin in terms of grading?,
Is D2 open now?,[
Resolved] Does the bookstore close at 5 or 6pm today?,
Anyone knows where the iron is from A2C laundry room?,
blue bowtie? please!,
Recommendations of Arabic films with female protagonists?,
Thoughts on Deborah Kapchan?,
Is there a way to make the AC not turn on by itself?,
Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?,[
RESOLVED] Anyone with gala tickets but cannot go? I will buy 2 tickets for 150 AED. PLS :'(,
Anyone selling a ticket for the gala today?,2 gala tickets for sale?,
A mixer I could borrow tomorrow? Will return with a piece of cake! ^_^,
Thoughts on Alejandro Portes as a professor?,
gala ticket anyone?? asking for a friend,
Bakers required!! We need people who can make delicious baked goods for the last Open Mic this Friday! Let me know what ingredients you need by tomorrow, and we can go buy them for you :),
Where should I send an email to in nirvana if I need to change the flights they booked me?,
thoughts on: - Ethnographic field research (Prof. Zeynep Ozgen) - Practicum in Social Research (Prof. Daniel Karell) - Data Analysis (Prof. Jonathan Andrew Harris) - Creativity & Innovation (Prof. Margaret Julias)... thanks! See More,
Hi, any thoughts on 'Music: Histories and Cultures' with Gwyneth Bravo? (Workload, teaching style, syllabus etc),
Does anyone know where Xiao-Xiao Jiao's (Intermediate Chinese I) Office is?,
Nearest ratchet barbershop (15 AED for a haircut) Anything closer than Madinat Zayed area?,
Anyone in Why Is It So Hard to Do Good can fill me in on what's been done in the previous classes and syllabus? Thank you!,(
SOLD)One ticket left ! Someone just canceled. Let me know ASAP,
does anyone have a tripod i could borrow for the weekend?,
hellooo, help pls, is doing GEPS, political thinking and FOMST together a stupid idea? tyy,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a brownie pan i could borrow tonight?,(
SOLD OUT)FOMO hitting you hard ? Last chance to grab a ticket for the Spring Gala (4 tickets left). Come to the StuGov office (E-229) until 12:30 with your 50aed ! First come, first served.  #stugovlove,
Hey! Does anyone know someone who I could get in contact with from the finance/registrar office? It says I owe $2500 on my Bursar Account. I had the same problem  2 weeks ago and they cleared it up but the same amount just reappeared. Enrollment is tomorrow and I'm currently unable to add/view or enroll in classes. I need a way to get it resolved asap !!,
Hello!  Does anyone have the syllabus for "Silk Roads, Sea Routes and Shared Heritage" taught by Robert Parthesius?  Thank you very much! :),
thoughts on legal writing with Barry Masanori Hashimoto , alternatively thoughts on the professor himself?,
Who has a car that I can use for a film project on campus on Saturday? From 5-7pm...,
Dermatoligist recommendations please?? Kinda urgent.,
hi is "education and society" a nice class please tell me thanks,[
WON'T BE RESOLVED / CLOSED] Can we (Student Gov, students etc.) petition to be allowed to change our flights through the airline directly instead of going through Nirvana? Ideally, Nirvana should be completely removed from this process but I know it's highly unlikely to happen. Every year when I am trying to change my flight they provide me with a ridiculous quote. Often it is twice more expensive than if I simply do it directly through the airline. Always, booking a new direct flight on your own costs a lot cheaper than changing it with Nirvana due to their ridiculous fees. NYUAD Student Government,
Thoughts on Human Rights Law in terms of workload and how interesting it is?,
Extra Galla Ticket ?,
Anyone know of any professor who has studied, carrying out a research or just is experienced in Blockchain and can answer some questions regarding a project?,
Who has the ticket for today's Gala?,
Gauging interest for a Rice and Eggs SIG for next semester.,
A fun practical film class for non-film majors?,
Hey folks, Does anyone have any experience with NetSuite and interfacing NetSuite with BI software (either through TacticalConnect or another integration tool?) Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!,
selling my gala ticket, if anyone’s interested pm,
Does anyone know if Arab Music Cultures, or another Music elective that fulfills the Islamic requirement, will be offered Spring 2019 as well? Professor Quayle doesn't seem to be answering.,
Another question theater students, is it a bad idea to take Thinking Theater and Making Theater in the same semester?,[
RESOLVED]: CDAD or CADT core class recommendations? I am looking for a really chill CORE class, with little workload and a easy grader for a professor? Is that too much to ask 🙂 Thank you in advance <3,
any extra gala tickets? i need one urgently,
Thoughts on Etienne Wasmer as a professor?,
Do I still have a chance at getting my Stern courses if I'm currently 15-17th on the waitlist?,
Soda to spare anyone?,
It's simple work, but it must be properly done to receive full compensation. 4 tasks available, 4 people needed (you can only choose one task): - Drawing bounding boxes around table cells (300 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around column titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN... - Drawing bounding boxes around row titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around tables (50 dhs) - TAKEN Message me on facebook or email me (jma587) for more details. See More,
Hey does anyone know what event happened today with all the locals that were around campus?,
A bird just ran into a wall and broke its neck but it's still alive what do I do????? Public safety said they don't have procedures what should I do,
Needle and thread? Thank you!,
NYUAD ladies, anyone has a curling iron I could borrow tomorrow for half an hour or so? :))),
Thoughts on The Mind by Shaalan Farouk??,[
GONE] Gala ticket for sale - 50dhs -,
Selling a ticket to the end-of-the-year event. 50aed.,
hi. I need one more credit to finish the lit major and it has to be the pre-modern literature elective. Plz tell me the global shakespeare course isn't the only choice for fall semester to satisfy that credit. (i kinda hate shakespeare). help plissssssssss,
Dear friends, would y'all be kind enough to leave the last (double) spot in A6B 410 open until 4/22? One of my friends cannot access the portal due to technical reasons and we have already occupied all 3 other spots. Thanks very much for understanding! :),
Thoughts on Intro to Comparative Politics with Melina Platas and/or Intro to International Politics with Muhammet Ali Bas? Those courses were not taught by those two before so maybe comments on the professor's themselves?,
Can a minor requirement be double counted as a core? I can't find any info about double counting courses in general...,
Cores with a class trip?,
Recommendation for a Political Science method electives for next Fall? Ideally, one with a workload that isn't too heavy?  Also, thoughts on Everything is A Remix?  Thanks x,
Peacebuilding with michael harsch?,
ISTANBUL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SPRING BREAK  Hey guys! since half of the school population is going to Istanbul for spring break and a lot of people asked me about what to do, I thought I’d just share this on ror. (I live in Istanbul). This is so long so I kinda just put it in categories. You can message me if you have any other questions! Also, because I’m a really food oriented person, these recommendations are quite food oriented.  Make sure you get an IstanbulKart as soon as you land in Istanbul. The public transportation system is really extensive and you can go anywhere with it. Don’t forget that Google Maps will tell you which public transportation to take!! The official public transportation works with IstanbulKart (metro, metrobus, ferry, motor, buses, etc). There are also privately owned public transportation systems, like dolmuş, minibus, etc. These ones can be a bit tricky to use as tourists (no official payment system/the driver 98% won’t speak English/no official stops, you just say can i get off here, etc). But the official public transportation should get you anywhere, anyways.  Istanbul basically doesn’t have wifi anywhere except some restaurants. Don’t be surprised!  If you haven’t checked yet, Turkish lira and dirham almost have the same exchange rate. So when I’m saying 120 lira, I mean like 120 dhs.  Also, I’m not gonna mention any obvious, touristy places, like the Maiden’s Tower, Hagia Sophia, Topkapı Palace, etc.  Üsküdar: Kuzguncuk, Meter Döner, Paşalimanı Kafe, Fethipaşa Korusu, kebab  This is the Asian side, you can cross over with a ferry for couple liras. When you come to Üskudar (you’ll be by the sea), just walk towards Kuzguncuk. This should be about 1, max 2 km. Kuzguncuk is super cute, reminds me of Notting Hill in London. Should have couple shops as well. For food, go to METET Döner. Order döner, my favourite is pilav üstü döner (this is basically meat on top of fried rice). This restaurant is quite cheap, especially according to Dhabi standards but SO delicious. When you’re walking back to central Üsküdar, you should cross by Beltur Paşalimani Kafe, it’s around 500 metres from Kuzguncuk. This place is run by the municipality, so it’s also relatively cheap. But the location is AMAZING. You will literally be sitting on the sea with a full fledged view of the Bosphorus. Order Turkish tea if you don’t feel like anything else. When you leave Paşalimanı Kafe, keep walking on the coastline and you should see the entrance to Fethipaşa Korusu. This is a tiny park/forest. Walk up the park and you will have an amazing view of the Bosphorus from above.  Another of my favourite places in Üsküdar is this tiny kebab shop called Urfalı Kasım Usta. They have the best kebab in Istanbul imo. Get Adana kebab if you like spicy food, Urfa kebab if you don’t. They’ll bring it to you with your kebab, but if they don’t, ask for ezme. My fav food that no one can replicate. It’s a type of tomato/chili sauce but it’s so good. Also, if they still have it (they run out really fast), get some liver. I don’t eat it but people love it. They cut it into pieces and fry/cook it with butter. Also get ayran, the Turkish yoghurt drink. Don’t be surprised if no one speaks English, this is the least touristy place!  Kadıköy: Koço, rakı balık, ice cream, bars My fav place in Istanbul. Again, on the Asian side and reachable by the ferry. This is a more  hipster, young area of Istanbul and it will be incredibly crowded. What you should do in Kadıköy is basically walk around and explore. Start walking from the street between Starbucks and Coldstone ice cream. This location description may sound weird but it’s really obvious what I mean when you’re there. You will see lots of cool shops. Go to Kadıköy around 5 pm, walk around a bit, eat, and go drinking. For food, go to Koço Meyhanesi. This restaurant is technically in Moda, a neighbourhood in Kadıköy that will take you 20 mins of walking to get to from the ferry. This place serves rakı balık, which means meze (Turkish tapas), seafood and Turkish alcohol. THIS PLACE MAKES SUCH GOOD FOOD. It’s also quite expensive. I would say 130-180 liras per person depending on how much you drink. But that also means it’s just a bit more expensive than any restaurant in Abu Dhabi. I think it’s worth the money. Once you’re seated, they’ll bring out a huge tray with all the tapas they have. You can choose whatever looks food. Here are my recommendations though. For cold starters: Haydari (yoghurt), Fava (bean puree? idk), Octopus salad, Hamsi (anchovy ancues), midye dolma (stuffed mussels, order one per person), lakerda (salt cured fish). For hot starters: kalamar tava (calamari), karides güveç (shrimp casserole), tereyağında karides (shrimp fried in butter), midye tava (fried mussels). Then order Rakı, 35 cl should be enough for 5-7 people. Keep in mind that two fingers of rakı are mixed with a lot of water and ice. Just because you think you drink well don’t think you can drink a lot of rakı!! Also, what we usually do is just order a lot of mezes, which is the stuff I listed above, and share. You can also get proper fish if you want but I don’t find it necessary after all the amazing tapas. For dessert, you can stop by Ali Usta Dondurmacısı. This is a super famous ice cream shop. 5 liras per scoop, super good ice cream. Alternatively, go to Abbas waffles next door and get waffles.  After food, go to Ayı Bar. This is my fav bar in Istanbul and it’s usually quite crowded. If you cant find a place, go to Fil next door. Alcohol in Istanbul is usually 15-20 lira for beer, 30-50 for cocktails and hard liquor (per glass). Karaköy: BAKLAVA, (hipster) shopping, developing film, Galata Tower, alcohol  Now we are in the European side. Another of my favourite neighbourhoods. In Karaköy, YOU HAVE TO GO TO KARAKÖY GÜLLÜOĞLU. This is a must to get the BEST BAKLAVA in the world. I’m not kidding. My favourite one is kaymaklı baklava, which means baklava with cream(?). It’s the kind that doesn’t have nuts in it. But baklava with pistachios or walnuts is also so good. Trust me on this. Go to Güllüoğlu to have Baklava!!!  Great place for hipster shops. Just walk around and explore.  Also, if you need to develop film, there is a Fujifilm in Karaköy really close to Güllüoğlu.  Apart from very important baklava, the best thing you can do to explore Karaköy is walk around the neighbourhood. Karaköy isn’t isolated, it connects to other cool neighbourhoods like Galata and Beşiktaş. You can walk to the Galata Tower from Karaköy. Especially at night, the neighbourhood around Galata Tower is really cool, you can also drink a lot.  Ortaköy: the House Cafe, shopping, shisha, kumpir  Ortaköy is another neighbourhood to walk around in but it isn’t hipstery like Karaköy or Kadıköy. One of my favourite restaurants in Istanbul is in Ortaköy, called the House Cafe. It’s a bit bougie, the food isn’t super good, and it isn’t Turkish food (just normal food lmao), but the atmosphere is AMAZING. There literally isn’t a barrier between the restaurant and the sea. So much so that some rich ass people come straight into the restaurant with their yachts lol. The restaurant isn’t so expensive though, 50-60 liras per meal, or even less.  If you don’t wanna take the bougie route, just go to one of the kumpir shops by the huge ass mosque (the Ortaköy mosque). Kumpir is jacket potato with lots of toppings. Use to cost like 5 liras but now it costs around 20.  Ortaköy has a lot of tiny shops for souvenirs and jewellery. Make sure you’re not getting ripped off, though! You shouldn’t pay more than 40 liras for anything.  Ortaköy is also a good place to have some shisha. Turkish shisha is a bit different than Arabic shisha I guess, but not so different. Fatih: pide  Another of my favourite restaurants is in Fatih. Fatih isn’t the most aesthetic neighbourhood but it has the BEST pide shop. Pide is like Turkish pizza(?). It’s basically dough with toppings that they bake in a huge ass oven. The restaurant is called Fatih Pide Salonu. Also not a touristic place. Get pide with kaşar cheese, with mince meat, and with beef bacon!! Also get ayran.  Pm me if you have any other questions!,
Hey guys,  Is anyone interested in babysitting on the 7th? The child is very sweet & her mother Saba, works here as a TA. Please comment below & i put you in touch with her 🙂!  "I am looking for someone to babysit a three year old girl - Sara - for 3 hours on Saturday 7th April from 5:30pm to 8:30pm on campus. She is toilet trained, can speak fluent English and is familiar with the campus. I am happy to offer reasonable compensation for their valuable time.",
Hey Guys!  Latino night preps are coming up and we are looking for musicians that would like to play (Latino and non-latino). Instruments we are looking for are keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, violin, percucions(conga), brass section, sax and vocals. We are looking for people that are confident with their instrument and available to practice around three times a week.  Please comment your net ID and instrument if interested.,
Hey guys!  I am looking to gather a couple of people who have taken a Leave of Absence or/and feel strongly about the topic or/and want to provide their experiences to be able to list out concerns and draft a letter to Dean Farley which I already met about it a few months ago. Your name doesn't have to be mentioned nor specifics regarding your experience.  This would allow us to start a conversation with admin regarding changes that could be implemented and make the process and the experience smoother and easier for future students taking Leaves.  Please comment below your netids or privately message me and we'll figure a time to meet and draft a letter together.  Thank you! :),
Hey guys! Does anyone know the nyuadguest password?  Please please 😬,
Hey all, a bit of a general research-oriented question that I want to ask on behalf of a friend- in your classes/discussions with professors/misc settings, what types of latest research have you come across that marry Computer Science with Political Science/social science in general? i.e. what are the "hot topics" that people are actively looking into these days? Would be grateful for any insight as this is a bit out of my depth.  P.S If anyone knows of any relevant programs/research opportunities/internships that offer experience in this joint field, please comment those below too!,
Hey ROR, IM BACK - long time no see. Anyways, when are summer research funding decisions usually announced?,
Hey guys! Anyone looking to change the recitation times for Foundations of Financial Markets for Fall 2018? Alternatively, anyone looking to change the course times for Ordinary Differential Equations? Please let me know!!! Might be a long shot, but please help a poor returning student out!,
Hey, has anyone ever had Alberto Gandolfi as a math professor? What do you think of him?,
Hey everyone! <3 Just curious about who is staying in AD for the summer term. What courses are you guys taking?,
hey guys, does anyone know how to figure out which classes count towards the old core? pls help me figure this shit out so i can get those done,
Hey does anyone know where I can mail postcards for free on campus? If not, then off? Thanks.,
FREE ART COMMISSION FOR MOTHER'S DAY Hey all! I'll be working on mother's day portraits over the Spring Break and have 10 spots open for commission. First come first serve! I may take more depending on time. Comment if interested. Mother's Day is celebrated 21st of March in the UAE.,
Hey guys!! Pam has extra spots on the Global Village trip for tomorrow, FRI Mar 23rd: leaving NYU @ 2:30pm and returning @ 10:30pm! feel free to email Pam if you'd like to go 💚💙,
Hey! Is anyone going to be going from Berlin to the UAE? OR who is in Berlin this semester?  We need someone to bring artworks from Berlin to Dubai before 22nd of March, willing to cover your ticket/costs and a little fee.,
Anyone who's done a research internship with an NYU campus professor in the summer mind answering a few questions about housing? TIA,
Hey all. Does anyone potentially have condensed milk? You may have a small portion of the product,
Hey, does anyone have ice cream ? Will buy you a new one tomorrow 😅,
hey guys, any advice on how much cash (in rupees) i should take with me if im gonna be traveling through sri lanka for 8 days? we’re going to colombo ella and mirissa,
hey how do u personalize a ring tone on an iphone if u downloaded a tone from the tone store bls,
can anyone who applied to a job at the library help me pls? cant figure out where to upload the availability chart on careernet,[
RESOLVED] Hey! I know this is last minute but does anyone on campus have a winter coat and a scarf that I could borrow for a week? I am leaving to France tomorrow. (Would be forever grateful and bring you something from Strasbourg!),
Hey all! Happy Nowruz 🎉 Any Farsi speakers that would be willing to translate something very short for me?,
Hey guys, I am planning to travel Uganda. Is anyone from Uganda? I  really need some help. Thank you so much!,
Hi guys, could people from Latin America help me please? I am taking class called Education in Emergencies, but truthfully I do not know what issues are students in LA facing. I know this is very broad and ignorant but could you please comment anything? This can be discrimination towards indigenous people, or limited resources, or questionable syllabi, or hard to reach areas, or truly anything you see problematics with the educational system.,
Hey, any Arab/ Arabic-speaking performers willing to help out with a theater piece?,
Hey guys! Does anyone know if the drivers Licensing Department in Mushrif is open on weekends? And if so what hours. Thanks!!,
if anyone has seen a black pencil case (more like a pouch) lying around campus somewhere, please lmk!! lost it before spring break and i can’t find it anywhere 😭 it has the words “every day is a new day” on it and contains all my pens 😢😢😢 any help would be greatlyyy appreciated 🙏🏼,
Anyone wanna petition to have Spoken or Written Contemporary French next semester? (comment NetIds) Also do we know if this has been offered in the past? (please support me) (Marielle Daria  Caroline ?),
An electric beater (preferred) or a whisk that I could borrow for 30 mins?,
how do i download a whole folder from newclasses please helpm e,
I need a small favour from Individuals that identify as either Arab-American or Chinese-American? It shouldn't take too long and I will pay you in chocolate or something your heart desires <3,
anyone willing to perform a spoken word piece? comment/DM :),
Hey guys! I'd really appreciate it if you answered the following question (it's for a class): Do you think that the type of personality an individual has impacts their health (directly or indirectly)? Feel free to add an explanation for your response in the comments. ,
Is there a site/FB page/anything that has course reviews of NYU Shanghai? +) Anyone who took IM courses in Shanghai and are willing to share their experience?😊,
PAID OPPORTUNITY: tutoring a 6th grade girl, two hours a week. Bonus if you can tutor French and/or Arabic. Must have lots of patience/knows how to handle kids! Tutor must be in AD for FALL 2018 and SPRING 2019. Comment/PM me if you’re interested!,
Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏,
Hello! Does anyone have a duffle bag (or two) I can borrow for spring break? please <3,
Does anyone have raw aloe vera or something for sunburn?,
Are there any non-cred french classes at nyuad either in Spring 2 or during the summer?,
Hi! Anyone going to Dubai on Thursday March 8 early afternoon? Thank you!,
Hey! We’re starting a new SIG called PayWrite: Publish Your Work which hopes to become a publishing hub and network for our student community. We noticed there is a lot of content (e.g. papers, art for classes) produced at NYUAD which goes shut into the drawer or stays on a computer disk indefinitely with no purpose after the semester ends.  We aim at finding the audience for such quality work that would otherwise be paid little heed here. Members of our SIG would get access to academic journals, newspapers and other leading publishing websites with our help through our network of affiliates. By participating you risk nothing but gaining audience and associated benefits. Comment you netID under this post if you are interested 😉,
Hey Guys! I am doing some research on the campus cats for a class project. I want to know more about their lives on campus -  everything from who feeds them to the parties involved in taking care of them and their general well-being. If you can name some people I can talk to, that would be great! Thank you!,
hey to new and old homies - I graduated in 2016 and am now teaching a class called "Maps and Migrations." I'm sure there must be core courses on both of these subjects - could people send me syllabi if possible?,
Hey friends, who is here this semester and interested in helping with the menstrual hygiene products pilot program? It's minimal commitment and we could really use your help!,
Hey everyone, [RESOLVED] Need suggestions on a colloquium that's great.  Or rather any thoughts on gender or the desert?  Thanks in advance😊,
Hey, all-- Who does one ask about options for going home for a couple weeks of the semester  because of a personal family matter?  Has anyone done this before? Thanks in advance.,
Hey everyone, I'm having friends visit me for 7 days, which of 2 will be spent in Dubai. Please give me must see places in both Dubai and Abu Dhabi, like ones they have to see before leaving the UAE. Thank you!!,
hey hey! does anyone know which zoo is better to visit: Al Ain Zoo or Emirates Park Zoo?,
Hey fam, anyone flying from NY to AD and could bring something over for me? Thx ❤️,
Any guy in A5C who doesn't mind submitting a guest pass form for my friend from NYU Stern? He's arriving two nights earlier than check in for his semester in AD. You just have to submit the form for his guest pass, please.,
Hey guys, I'm shooketh that in all these years we had so many currency exchange requests on here and still never had an exchange group. But now we do! Sooooooo https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuadmoney/,
Hey, Happy New Year!! Anyone taking Child Development and Social Policy? I was switched into the class abruptly and am wondering if I am missing anything? Like the syllabus or the readings? Any help is appreciated!,
Hey all.. does anyone have a mirror they do not need anymore (any size)? Or a broken mirror I can dispose of? pleaase,
Hey lovely people, does anyone has a projector that they could lend for tonight?  You would make me and Vuk Vuković very happy : ),[
RESOLVED] Hey, is anyone taking sustainable development class? Message me please,
Hey guys! I want to have a look at the syllabus for Network Everything. If anyone has it, please pm me!  Thank you!!!,
Hey! Does anyone have an abaya that I can borrow tonight?,[
Resolved] URGENT-ish. Hey guys, I'm having MFA problems and can't get onto the student portal- could someone with access pretty please send me the shuttle schedule from AD airport (if there even is one)? TYIA xx,
Hey guys! I am trying to import my schedule to google calendars. But, the times don't match!! Is there a way for me to fix that? Thank youu!,
hey guys, anyone know the email id for IT help?,
Hey guys! Can anyone share the syllabus for Introduction to Interactive media with me? Thank you!!!!,
Hey guys any thoughts on Introduction to Interactive Media? thanks in advance:),
Hey guys can any psych majors that took social psych/perception/psychology of sex and gender PM me, thankss,
Anyone has the Syllabus for Intro to Entrepreneurship with Regien Sumo? Thanks in advance.,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Are we allowed to work off-campus during the study away semester in New York?,
Who do I talk to if I'm interested in iGEM 2018?,
Bit of a broad question, but - most amazing places to visit and unique things to experience in Europe? And also any travel recommendations specifically for Spain? Thank you! :),
anyone in 'Identity and Culture in Politics' who can give me an overview of what was discussed in class today? thanks!,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to check waitlist position on the new albert?,
hello friends! anyone have the syllabus for toral gajarawala's 'on violence' course? also, i believe there was a course being taught about forgiveness (a core, natch) - if someone had the syllabus for that, i'd love to see it! thanks in advanceee,
Pls this is urgent: does anyone have an incense burner and stick that I can borrow to take a picture for a staged setting? Pls pls pls I really need one,
Anyone in 'Anthropology of the Fatwa' and can give me their opinion on the first class (in terms of workload, interesting content etc etc)? Thanks!,
Would someone be kind enough to donate their unneeded engineering ethics textbook to a great cause (me),
The Gazelle requires footage of campus cats and people who are willing to be interviewed about the cat issue on campus.,
I've got $50 and was wondering if anyone would like to exchange it for some Dirhams.,
Has anyone ever requested transportation for a non-sig event ? E.g. I’m getting people together to go see a show in Dubai (but the event is not school sponsored),
Anyone know how to download my transcript from the new albert? Step by step instructions would be appreciated ✨✨please and thank youuu,
Initial thoughts on Global Cold War with Martin Klimke & Masha Kirasirova?  Also on taking two history courses with a FYWS?,
Hey does anyone have Chinese textbooks/workbooks for Elementary 2 or Intermediate 1 that I could have or borrow for the semester? Much thanks 🙂,
Hey! Does anyone know of EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY initiatives, mainly for school systems and mainly within the EUROPEAN UNION?,
Anyone knows what's up with/'s taking care of this kitten near A2B? It's been meowing since yesterday night,
hey guys what do you think about Intro to Musical Programming1 ?,
Reviews on Ethics and Technology in Tandon NY? Is it a chill/easy course? What's the workload like? Is the prof. Patrick Linden a harsh grader?,
Hey all! Does anyone have any winter jacket (Or any winter clothes at all, really) size XS or S that I could borrow for a couple days in j term? Please, I live in Guatemala and own absolutely no winter clothes 😔,
Hey! Is anyone familiar with NYUSH's STEM curriculum? My brother got into SH instead of AD but we don't know much about the program there. Any comments on the courses/faculty/curriculum please! He's interested in CS/physics/mechanical engineering.,
hey hey hey hello! is there anyone who has done one of those programs where you go to spain/south america/etc to learn spanish?  if so, can i message you?,
Hey guys! I am writing a paper on the islamic nature (or not islamic) of ISIS, based on Graeme Wood's "What ISIS really wants?" and I am looking for articles that address this topic. I know some classes have worked on this and it would be really helpful if any of you directed me to articles you used x Thank you,
Hey, is the power outlets in China the ones with two round pointers? (Like the one in the picture?) Is this adaptor applicable? If not, which ones? Thanks!,
Hey sorry if this is a really dumb question, but just joined the MFA (multi factor authentication)  thing and I'm confused.. Does this mean from now on I can no longer access my nyu email unless I have my phone on me...?,(
Resolved)Hey guys, I lost my water bottle (that looks like the one in the picture) a couple of days ago. If you've seen it by any chance please let me know!,[
Resolved 🌟] Hey! Could anyone be so kind to lend me a cooking pot? Will repay in pasta, cheesecake, and love ❤🌻🌚,
Hey! @Ji Soo Choi has lost her wallet in the library. Found it in the printing machine in the second floor on the right side (facing the right from the entrance) please tell her to message me! I have it in the silent room,
Hey! Does anyone have information about where we can donate books this semester? I heard something about the bookstore taking course books back now, does anyone know how that is going to work or if it's still a thing that's happening?,
Hey guys, anyone has some packing tape they can lend? Please!  (Asking for a friend) 😀,
Hey guys, giving away two VIP Creamfields tickets. It's tonight, PM if interested!,
Hey! Does anyone have extra tickets for the Attitude Dance Recital?,
Hey guys does anyone know where to get tickets for the Real Madrid game this coming weekend??? All the tickets are sold outttttttt.,
hey friends and fam where can i find the exam schedule for fall 2017?,
Hey all- does anyone know anything about the CSS financial aid form / its due date? Thank youuu,
Hey guys! Do you know if it's possible to make one of your layovers longer with Nirvana, i.e. spending 15 days in Amsterdam instead of a 8 hour layover? Has anyone done this? TIA.,[
SPOTS FILLED UP] Hey fam, A group of juniors is going into the desert tonight to watch the Meteor Shower and we still have some spots available on the bus! We leave at 10 PM and come back by 4 AM the latest. If anyone is 100% committed to coming, reach out to me ASAP!,
Hey guys! Hope everyone has a good break.  Quick question, what are we supposed to do with our books before checkout? Where can we get rid of them?,
Hey, does anyone know where I can borrow a flag pole from on campus (ie whom to contact)? Also, does anyone have a medium/large sized American flag that theyre willing to lend me for an art project on the 13th? Thank you!,
Hey,  if someone lost this earphones around 1:00-3:00 in the dining hall today,  come get them from the cashier area.,
Hey, in the past a group of students have been organising black history month. Is anyone doing it this time around?,
Anyone who has done/is doing their capstone project to something related to finance?,[
Resolved] Did anyone who had troubles with the lockers in the basement find a way to open it without asking Serco for assistance? Mine won’t open even if I put the right numbers in.,
Does the Astronomy SIG still exist? If yes, does it still take people to the desert at this time of the year?,
Hi guys,  question about the Pedro Monaville - not Internationalism, he will teach another class in NY and friend wants an opinion on him as a professor.,
Hi guys, do you know where we can drop off our big cardboard storage boxes? The guard told me to fit it into the locker ...... thanks in advance!,
Has anyone taken “The First Islamic World Empire: The Abbasids” with Maurice Pomerantz? What’s the workload and grading like?  Also, just to confirm, does it satisfy the Islamic requirement?,
Christian Haefke's office hours?,
Hey guys! How do I fix this? On my room wall,
One of my acquaintances from outside uni wants to get in contact with any actors/filmmakers or drama/communication clubs here at NYU. Are there any contacts that I can presumably provide her?  Likewise, is there a contact person for the theatre/film major head faculty?,
Does anybody have a round baking pan?🙏🏼,
If you have al ain water bottles lying around, I would be more than happy to take them off your hands and save you a trip to the refuse room (collecting for a recycling project). 🖖,
Hey people, a friend of mine is considering moving to Abu Dhabi. He is concerned that 2700 USD a month will not be enough. I actually am not familiar with the rent rates.  Do you think 2700 USD a month is good enough to live in AD? (He will be working at twofour54 location wise) Thank you very much!,
I have AED and need USD. Anyone up for an exchange?,
Does anyone have anything for soar throat and fever in A2? I think all this crying after my friends is getting to me 🤒,
Looking to exchange 2500AED ish to USD,
Resolved ❤ Quite urgent, anyone who has taken Sophia Kalantzakos' class? Pleaseee I have a few questions 😥,[
RESOLVED] Does anyone have antihistamine pills or any kind of antihistamine/artificial eye drops plssss,
Hey guys! I hope your break is going well. I just need some minds that aren't completely clueless about computers (unlike me) to advise me about this laptop I wanna buy :) (or an alternative works too) thank you x,
Anyone going to Dubai at around 10 am tomorrow (21st)?,
Getting rid of my hangers (25) and laundry basket (the white plastic one) and my towels/washed sheets they gave us visiting students at the beginning of the semester. [[Not sure if anyone wants the stuff, but if it's unwanted I'll throw it out. The towels and sheets are white, and can be bleached to be just like new.]],[
resolved] hey guys, what number do i call to book a cab?,
Photographers here in Spring with an investment in civil rights, show yourselves.   I have a paid opportunity for you to do some really incredible work.,
anyone ever got around and took a class with a pre-req in new york without having fulfilled the pre-req? can a professor dismiss the pre-req on an individual case and issue a permission number? i wanna take a class in stern that has intro to marketing as a pre-req, but all the intro to marketing classes are full and intro to marketing is not offered in ad,
Hey guys! Part 1: I have: UAE Dirhams. I need: British Pounds. Part 2[RESOLVED]: I have: Georgian Lari and Jordanian Dinar. I need: British Pounds/UAE Dirham.,
Has anyone negotiated accommodation deals with a hotel in Abu Dhabi before? (like for people coming for a conference) alternatively, someone who's used the A1 dorms for guests?,
Anyone going to the Club World Cup final and willing to share a cab?,
Hi is anyone from StuGov in C2?? Need storage box,[
SOLVED] Anyone wanna share a cab to Zayed Sports City Stadium at around 7:30?,
Hey all! Clothes for sale! New and never worn. Most of the prices are reduced but can be negotiable. (F) is for her, (M) is for him, (U) is unisex. [Sold] (F) Red blouse from United Colours of Benetton, Size: XS, Price: 85dhs (F) Yellow blouse from Debenhams (H! by Henry Holland), Size: 10, Price: 100dhs (F) Grey shorts from Debenhams (Iris & Edie), Size: 10 (Euro 38/US 6), Price: 70dhs (U) Captain America shorts from Splash, Size: S, Price: 40dhs (M) Black ¾ shorts from Splash, Size: small, Price: 70dhs (M) White dotted shorts from Splash (Being Human), Size: 30/small, Price: 95dhs (U) Sports costume from Kappa, Size: small, Price: 150dhs PM me if interested/for Q's or Whatsapp 0502243319,
Hey friends, any guy in A5B who could sign me in as an overnight guest at around 9pm? I already have a guest pass for another building but I just need to not get kicked out at 11pm from there.  Help an old guy out pls.,
hey scholars abroad in NY!! Anyone enrolled in 1 or more Stern courses this semester?,[
URGENT] hey y'all I need bananas for my film like right now if anyone has them,
hey hey does anyone in a6 have cinnamon and/or vanilla? alternatively, does anyone have a projector for tonight?,
Hey! Does anyone have experience in startups and/or social enterprises? Alternatively, tips on who I can contact for this?,
hey, so i've managed to lose 2 pairs of sunnies in one week. If anyone has seen some sunglasses laying around please let me know! Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have Gaviscon or any other medicine for heartburn? Thankss,
Hey all! The One Africa music fest is happening in Dxb tomorrow night. We managed to get a student discount (20%) found at: https://dubai.platinumlist.net/event-…/…/one-music-festival… The line up is lit and through a partnership with Sorbonne, we got a bus. We got 3 more spots open on the bus. The bus ride will cost 50AED back and forth. Text me or Yero to book your sit. One love One Africa,
Hey! Anyone has experience with making a class pass/fail and is currently in the library?,
Hey, can someone tell me about the “Intro to Musical Programming” course? Like is it too computer science-y that a non-comp sci major would not be into? Is it difficult, etc etc. And to add on, also pls comment on “Fundamentals of Digital Audio” course. If anyone holds the syllabus of either, pls share with a confused potential music major (me) xD thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have a can opener?,
Hey guys, anyone who's got enrolled in Probability and Statistics (maths) for the spring semester and able to consider this email? Please help me, I really need to save my semester study away, ideally next academic year. save my life and I will love you forever. please please please 🙏🙏🙏,
Hey y'all! There's a bird that's stuck in the handles of a shopping bag and it's now in the bushes by West dining hall stairs (ground floor). Arianna has gone to get a pair of scissors to cut it free from the bag, but if there's anything else you think we should do, let us know!,
Hey guys! The Business & Finance is looking for 2 bright students who want to learn to trade on Bloomberg through FOREX. We are going tomorrow to Sharjah to the American University of Sharjah early in the morning at 9:30 am and are gonna be back by evening. Whoever is interested, comment under this post or pm me!,
Hey! Where can I find a list of courses? Cant find it on Student Portal! Thanks!,
Hey guys, I think this archive may be useful if you didn't already know about it! Cheers.,
Hey everybody!! Vera recently performed in Yas Mall during the Fall Break for the Yasalam 2017 Emerging Talent Competition (Its a big deal. She is basically famous now). Lets show her some purple love and support her now in the voting procedure of the contest. You can vote for her by accessing the following link: https://survey.fbapp.io/yasalam-2017-emerging-talent-compet… All votes count!! If she wins she will perform at the F1 concert!!,
Hey, so I lost one of my earrings somewhere in the arts center today, particularly in/near the black theater and green room beside it. It is the pair to the one in the picture. Please help me find it xD much appreciated. (Might also be near/in 144 and the prop room in the basement),
Hey! Can anyone share thoughts/syllabi for any of the following classes in London: British Politics with Scott Kelly Into to Marketing with Rajesh Bhargave Architecture in London with Alan Powers Management & Organizations with Dorota Bourne Thanks!,(
resolved) hey! does anyone have a large thermos (or maybe something like the picture below) that i could use to put chai in tomorrow? please, i'll give you a cup 😊,
Hey guys! I'll be performing with the Abu Dhabi Choral Group (ADCG) along with Leanne Soriano Talavera, Ian Hoyt, and Yoon Haewon on the 16th and 17th at the Folklore Theatre! Would love to have everyone there!  You can buy a ticket off of me for a cheaper price, or purchase online or at the door when arriving to the theatre. There are three performances: Thursday the 16th at 7:30 PM Friday the 17th at 2:30 PM and 7:30 PM Message me for any questions you have. <3,
Hey, does anyone have a spare phone I could borrow for about a week. My phone broke down, and I just need to do MFA, doesn't have to be a smart phone, literally anything would work.,[
URGENT] Hey guys, does anyone know if there are any official stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who graduate (on time)? Alternatively, are there any annual stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who drop-out?,
tl;dr: volunteers needed Nov. 18th and 24th Hey guys! the Debate Union is hosting its Highschools debate tournament this weekend (18th) and the upcoming week (24th)! David, Sarah, Chris and Nicolaj have been working very hard to make it happen, but we still need some help! If you have some time any of those days, please reach out to me with the times that you'll be free and I'll put you in contact with them! Thanks all!! <3 xoxo,
Hey! Anyone have juggling balls they could lend me by any chance? Size does not matter.,
Hey guys, if anyone knows of post docs at nyuad right now (researchers or research instructors works too) in the sciences and engineering (Maths, CS, Psychology, Engineering, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics) and can give me their names and/or contact details, I really need them! Thanks!,
Hey, is Janice Liu no longer the person responsible for Student Portal posts?,
Hey guys, help me pick the easiest core possible for the next semester. I am choosing between Language of Computers - Sana Odeh Water - Awam Ampka Identity and Object - Fiona Kidd Other suggestions are welcome as well,
Hey, does anyone have an extra ticket for the Aeneid?,
Who leads the Chinese Cultural Club?,
Need some white/ silver fairy lights for an event this evening. PLEASE!,
want to get your PORTRAIT done by an awesome artist (me) AND help out a student in need (me) for his project (it's for a class)?? PM me (or comment here if you're scared of intimacy) a picture of your COOLEST SHOES and get a chance to be part of my awesome DRAWING SERIES! (coolest can also mean worn out and old-looking. also, i don't really care about colors as much as I do about shapes) (for clarification i would draw both YOUR FACE and YOUR SHOES) (it doesnt have any specific meaning/depth i just like drawing both shoes n faces) drawing quality not guaranteed thanks,
Anyone have a coat I could borrow for this weekend? will bring you a present from Athens in return!,
Really long shot but does anyone know where I can get acupuncture needles? It's for an art project. (resolved)Also, does anyone have a Buddha statue that they don't use for religious purposes and don't mind me lending for the same art project...? Will be returned in one piece.,
can I pm anyone who has opinions/thoughts on how or whether nail polish impacts one's wudu? thanks,
Thoughts on Sheetal Majithia (Postcolonial Turn) and Mario Chacon (Comparative Politics)?  The reviews already posted are a bit confusing.  Thank you!,
For anyone who has taken Directing the Non-actor: Singular Drama with Scandar Copti, are the evening monday sessions (6:30 pm-9:30 pm) a regular weekly thing, or do they just happen occasionally?,[
RESOLVED] Might be a bit of a stretch and also pretty minor, but - anyone has a spare pair of rubber earphone plugs like these? I lost one of mine today and buying new headphones bc of this seems silly. Please please!,
Spanish speakers? ( Fluent and/or native),
resolved im an idiot:  hey guys, i managed to lose my phone somewhere in a5b this morning. it has both my id and my room key as well. i'd really appreciate it if i could get it back, considering im officially locked out of my nyu accounts smh. thanks guys!! x,
Hey Guys! Any thoughts on Foundations of 3D with Sandra Peters?,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a male winter jacket or coat I could borrow for few days since I didn't pack for the cold weather in the NYC. Will repay in either goods from the US, meal swipes or hugs :),[
Resolved] Hey guys, I have two free golden circle tickets to Mumford and Sons.  First to comment gets them!,
If you're a Blockchain whiz and interested in building something awesome, I am setting up a dinner at the request of one of Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rashid advisors who wants to look into blockchain applications for the Dubai government. It's informal and the goal of the meeting is to set a for-profit venture with the said advisor to go after government projects.  The dinner is scheduled next week, followed by a meeting with the Dubai Land Department's management for those who are shortlisted from the dinner to explore possible applications. Let me know if you're interested (not looking for theoretical blockchain enthusiasts, looking for people who can develop blockchain based applications),
Required: People with great stories from their grandparents they can share. Next week is the 2nd episode of Things My Grandparents Told Me, and I need your stories! Please reach out with stories about love, war, both or anything at all!,
Hey guys. Is there a current film and new media major that is willing to speak to me about their experience? Please...,
Review on Sound Art; Jonny Farrow?,
Dear upperclassmen economics majors, I am planning to enroll for the principles of Macroeconomics next semester but I came across the following message. Does this mean that I can't take the course until I get to sophomore year? Has anyone done otherwise? I'm confused because given that it's an intro course and I have also done Markets, I should be clear for the course in Spring.,
Has anyone filled out a reimbursement claim form for our health insurance, and paid on the NYUAD citibank prepaid cards and knows what card details to put to get reimbursed? TIA!,
RESOLVED)People who worked/acted in The Aeneid, is it possible to get the music that was playing at the start/before the performance? Thank you,[
RESOLVED] I'm a little lost. The foreign travel form requests the travel start and end date. But my j-term course is in Abu Dhabi with an international trip, and I haven't been informed of when the trip will be happening during the 3 weeks of j-term. What should I be doing in this case?,
Any thoughts on the following courses?  And would love any recommendation for a good science core!!! (harder than ever to find one) 1. Theory on Everything with prof. Hisham Ahmad Sati  2. Uncertainties in Science with prof. Mallory S.E. Roberts  Thanks fam!,
Anyone who transferred from another university to NYUAD (preferably a local university but not necessarily) that would be okay with answering a few questions? 🙂,
Hi, I am looking for arabic speaking students that are interested in law!,
Anyone have a pie tin,
Shoutout to students in engineering and science department who want to show their projects/research to NYUAD donors.  Send me the links of your publications, photos of the competitions you've participated in,  3D models or awards, basically anything that we can use for an exhibition in the Office of Advancement and Philanthropy.  My email is: ek2522@nyu.edu,[
resolved] Has anyone applied/ went through the admission process for the NYU Shanghai campus as well and wouldn't mind sharing their experience?,
Thoughts on Concepts of Film and New Media with Awam Amkpa?,
Could I borrow somebody’s H6 tomorrow (Thursday) for a quick voiceover? Need it by 5PM, will be done in an hour. I promise I won’t ruin it...,
Plz anyone haz needle and black thread plz plz someone,
Does anyone have a fishing license and would be willing to answer some questions for one of my assignments??,
Hey guys! Did anyone have any experience in doing an internship that counts for credit? Preferably in the sciences?,
Is Psychology of Sex and Gender doable for someone who hasn’t taken any psych courses before? Also thoughts on Prof Napier please :),
panadols/painkillers please?,
Hey guys! Does anyone happen to have a belt/scarf in the following colors (orange/yellow)? Also, anyone have any black ballet flats in size 7/8? All will be returned by Nov. 18 :),
Hi I can't find any review on Khulood Kittaneh, how is she for Elementary Arabic I? Thank you :),
Hey!  Does anyone have two squash rackets, that you could borrow me real quick? Thx,
Hey Squash players! Jay Raja from Athletics will try to revive the Squash club this semester and he is scouting for interested people. Most likely it would be weekly sessions with coaching, but it's also a great way to find partners to practice on your own.  If you are interested, leave your NetID in the comments, and we'll try to set up a time that works for everybody!!,
Hey everyone, This is Gregory. On Monday Greg is flying to Georgia from Dubai and because of some complications and the fact that Jaisal Friedman is an asshole Greg has no one to travel with. He's searched for 2 weeks and no one has given this fine young whippersnapper a chance. Who can split a cab to Dubai with him? He's a great guy with a great GPA, he likes Dwayne Wade, tulips,  and does a great impression of Christian Bale doing his taxes.  He's 5'11 but 6'1 on tinder, is the captain of the NYU AD basketball team and can speak English Spanish and a flem of Hebrew. Contact him through Facebook if your interested.,
Hey, does anyone have a spare laundry basket that they'd be willing to sell?,
hey friends! this is for a project: please tag the artsiest people you know on campus below.,
hey does anyone have a photo of the shuttle schedule?,
hey does anyone have a Japanese/international adapter I can borrow for 1 hour?,
Hey guys! I need you to tag all those stylish ladies and gents on campus whose style you would secretly die for and who you would love to hear some fashion tips and tricks from!,
Hey fam! This is a long shot, but does anyone have an audio jack loudspeaker i could use for today? Thanks!,
Hello friends, does anyone have a blue storage box we could borrow for tonight pls?,
Hey, I was wondering if someone could share last year's  sample schedule for Political Science and Philosophy?,
URGENT: I want to go to Sri Lanka for fall break and finish class on Thursday afternoon. My friend I'm traveling with has Sunday classes and can't fly out until Sunday night/Monday. Would anyone who's going to Sri Lanka mind if I tag along for a few days before she arrives? Then she and I can travel safely together as a pair. (I'm afraid to go to a new country as a solo female.) HELP A SISTER OUT!,
hey, does anyone who has converted their home license in the UAE have any idea how much it costs including all fees? also did you have to get your license officially translated? just comment or PM me pls,
Hey! Is anyone going to the airport the night of the 19th? I know cabs are a little pricey so I was wondering if anyone was looking to split the fare. Please pm me if interested!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a definitive answer as to whether the Spring Housing App is due Oct 26 or Nov 17 for NYC Housing? Everyone I've talked to has given conflicting remarks, I am confused 😞,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Anyone seen a pink spiral notebook with a lot of linear algebra notes around? Rectangular, has tabs on it and has a 5 on the cover page. It's my little baby 😭 Will be eternally grateful! Thank you!,
Hey, anyone wants to go for the kayaking trip tomorrow (2-6pm)? It's free I'd love to go but have a lot of work.,
Hey guys! Any passionate , talented people willing to arrange something (a cover most probably) for battle of the bands? I can sing,  play the violin and a tiny bit the guitar. It'll be fuuun!:D,
Hey guys. This is just a friendly reminder to throw away your trash in the appropriate places. Don’t stick used gum anywhere you want to. There’s a garbage bin just a few steps away. Our campus is very clean, let’s all do our part in keeping it that way :),
hey friends!!! xx can anyone lend me a small/medium road bike for a few hrs of stress-relieving biking?? pls will repay with pasta/cake tomorrow!!! :c,
Hey! does anyone have marshmallows? will repay with hot chocolate! (preferably in A5),
Hey I have brand new gold beats that I'm looking to sell. Never took them out of the package -- let me know if you're interested!,
Anybody has experience in inaccessibility/ shortage/ cutdown of electricity at hometown? Looking for having a small talk with you for a research project! Comment or pm me if you are interested. THANKSSSSS✨✨,[
Resolved - for both me and Leonore] Hey hey pink-runners! Did anybody on the second bus back from Zayed Sports City find a purple nyuad bag with my NYU ID and key??  Global wings says a student might have it! Pls PM me ASAP,
Hey! does anybody have an Arabic 201 or 202 textbook I could borrow? Please!,
Hey guys, we are thinking about staying at Tilal Liwa Hotel for a couple of nights with some friends during fall break. Do you know of any driver with a car that could get us there and back to campus for a good price? Any estimates on fare? Thanks in advance!,
Hey, does anyone know who I should contact to get an I20 form from NYU? Or the email address for immigration services on campus? Thanks!,
Hey friends 🙂  I know this is a bit strange but I would like to ask for your help with something.  My boyfriend was nominated for the Sitecore Core Community Award 2018. (Sitecore is a web content manager)  Last year he became the first ever Latin American to win a Sitecore award. This year he is also the only nominee from a Spanish speaking country Latin American country. He is one of the most important community innovators for Sitecore in the region.  It would mean the world to me if you could vote for him 🙂  You can vote for him here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MMCD2CL His name is Santiago Morla.  Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone! No Lost Generations needs 9 storage boxes (preferably blue ones). If you have one or more that we can borrow, please let me know & one of us will pick it up :),
Hey everyone, Rudy, a professor's cat, has gone missing about 2 days ago. If you see him please call Christina at 056 207 1800.,
hey is anyone going to Egypt for fall break?,
I am doing a research on the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership), and would like to hear opinions from those who came from (or permanent residents of) the member countries.  The list includes Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam.,
Somebody on the first bus back from kayaking today forgot this small towel on the bus! Let me know if it is yours :),
Looking for people who have been to a high-school in the Emirates. Please tag your friends too!,
What's the best way to get around Ethiopia (5 guys) safely, and without getting too ripped off?,
Anyone else get a text like this? I received previous texts telling me to go to some centre, but when I asked the Immigration office they said it should be fine and to just wait until I receive an email that my passport is back... I will ask them again today about what to do, but anyone else in the same situation?,
LOOONG LOOONG LOOONG SHOT But does anyone know where I can buy myself a prosthetic leg? Or know someone who has a used prosthetic that they dont use anymore?  thank you.,
Hey guys.... Anyone know which restaurant delivers pizza on campus?,[
resolved] Does anyone have fake flowers/fake plants I can borrow? pls,
Is there any way I can escape the minor requirement for a math major? Any alternative? none of the possible minors interest me... Also, I would like to double major math/philosophy,
Is anything happening for Mental Health Week on campus? :),
Need a League of Legends player. Please.,
Does the arts center have any painting materials we can borrow? Acrylic, oil, watercolor, or tempera would be great :),
pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina)pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina),
Hey, so I'm in the process of picking my Colloquium for Spring (it's never too early ok), and I need students' opinions on the following Colloquiums if you have done so before. Would be appreciated so much, thanks. Colloquiums: -"Water" with Awam Amkpa -"Future of Medicine" with Piergiorgio Percipalle -"Disability" with Katherine Williams & Debra Levine -"Inequality" with Jeffrey Jensen  -"Gender" with Masha Kirasirova,
To whom could I file a complaint regarding the work of the immigration team? Maybe someone in charge? Or student gov committee?,
So no Reach ice cream event today?,
HELP. Found an injured dove on the stairs near C2. It can't fly and it's feet are caught on some rubbish that I can't remove. It's in a quiet room now, in a box with some bread soaked in water, which it ate a bit of. Am I doing anything wrong and what I should do next?,
Who's staying here during fall break??,
Hey does anyone have thread and beads for bracelet-making? Chur,
Anybody here who has been camping around the UAE and/or has any camping equipment they'd be willing to lend for a week, tops and/or knows any resources, has any tips for camping equipment, and camping in the UAE?  Thanks!,
Hey! Does anyone have trouble filling out the housing application for Spring 2018? :/ It says I can't access the section,
Yo, I found a pair of green earbuds near the bookstore, are they anyone's?,
Has anyone seen a pair of Apple earbuds with a cord that's wrapped in varying shades of green thread? The headphone jack is painted olive green. TIA <3,
Anyone heading back to campus from ANYWHERE in the United States the first or second week of November?,
Hey guys, When does the last bus leave from Dubai to Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys! Any idea where the bus from Abu Dhabi to Sharjah drops you off?,(
Resolved) Anyone who went to UWC willing to help a close friend with his application? I'd be eternally grateful. Thanks!,[
EATEN] Anyone want cherry tomatoes?  I'm leaving tomorrow and won't eat them by then.,
Anybody has melatonin pills? Por favor!,(
Resolved) I know this has been asked before but people that are going to be in Ghana for J term?,[
Resolved] Would anyone be interested in some almond milk? Purchased and opened today, used for solely one bowl of cereal, so it’s practically full. I don’t want to waste it.,
Does anyone have vanilla extract I could use? Just need a teaspoon. Pls and thank,[
RESOLVED] REQUIRED: Male of Pakistani/Bangladeshi nationality for voice acting. Hey guys! For a final project, we’re working on a project that represents different social realities present in Abu Dhabi.  In order to make the project happen we need a male Pakistani that is willing to be a voice actor. He’ll need to read around a page of text, and it’ll be recorded. Credit will be given during Open Studios (if desired), and we’ll definitely compensate you! Recording will take place tomorrow evening - will not take more than 30 mins. PM me or Sree Rag if you’re interested! Thanks!,
hey guys, anyone have an HDMI to apple thunderbolt converter that i can borrow for like 2 hours?  will be super thankful!,
hello, for the people who applied for the assistant job for the Louvre opening, do you want to share a cab with me to the meeting tomorrow at 6?,
People heading to Europe for fall break, I am selling euros. You can pay me in dirhams or dollars.,
Hey guys does anyone have a spare shoe box they wouldn't mind giving away? I need one that has the unattached lid.,
I REQUIRE YOU ALL TO READ THIS POST hey ladies and non-ladies, PINKTOBER IS HERE!! ❤️🎗️ We invite you to PINK-TASTIC, a collaborative event hosted by your RAs, Health & Wellness and NYUAD Faculty - come learn about the symptoms of breast cancer and how to conduct self examinations. Professor Leigh Graham will give a special talk to share her insights on self-care and women empowerment. AND treat yourself to some Magnolia cupcakes, pink-frosted donuts, strawberries, music and nail-painting while you're at it! 🍭🍥🍩 Date: Sunday, October 15th Time: 6-8 pm Venue: A5A 2nd Floor Lounge Show your support, empower yourself to take action against breast cancer. and celebrate breast cancer survivors with us! WEAR PINK coz ITS PINKTOBER!!! ALL IN, ALL PINK #TougherThanCancer #nyuadheart,
I have 2 extra tickets to this concert at Emirates Palace tonight if anyone is interested.,
Anyone has a baking pan and a measuring cup I can borrow? (Preferably A5) I'll pay you back with chocolate cake!,
Hey guys, if I want to take a class in New York next semester that isn't on the course equivalency chart, but I don't want it to be equivalent to any course in Abu Dhabi, do I still have to submit the Equivalency Proposal Form? Alternatively, does anyone know if the registrar is open tomorrow?,
Is anyone arriving at Abu Dhabi Airport at around 12:45 p.m on Saturday, 28th and willing to share a cab back to NYUAD?,
Should I try to get Indian Rupees here before traveling to India or is it easy to find ATMs at Delhi airport?,
A friend of a friend is missing in Peru -- would anyone know any relevant org/person/group to get in touch with? Thank you! ,
HEY anyone want to buy a ticket for this cool party. It's 70 dirhams online and 90 at the door, but buy it from me for 60. More info below:  https://www.eventbrite.com/e/old-schooled-silent-party-2-x-…,
Hey, my friend in Japan is doing a research on Matcha / Seafood consumption in UAE and Saudi, but she does not have many connections here, so it would be really great if some of us could help her to complete this quick survey. Many thanks!,
Hey y'all! Anyone know where exactly the board room in C2 is? (The Gazelle meeting is happening there today). Thank you!! :D,
Hey. Is anyone going to any mall  anytime today? Please hit me up.,
Hey everyone! Do you have any traveling stories about difficulties due to language barrier? Share with these capstone-ridden seniors! 😅 Jihyun, Shehroze, Tarik, and I are trying to create a mobile app that would help you in your travels, especially where language barriers might pop up. We'd love to hear your stories - about any time when you've encountered difficulties while traveling in a foreign country. Please comment or PM any of us. We'd really appreciate hearing about your experiences 🤗,
Hey! Someone who has a contact at Careem? Thanks!,
Hey guys, are the floor lounges still signed in to Netflix? Pls I just want to watch top gear,
Hey Frands, so all my fav shisha places have closed... any recommendations for good places that have indoor shisha aside from Rawaq? (I don't want to melt).,
Hey guys!  Anyone has any foreign coins (not Dirhams) that they don't mind giving away? As a coin collector, I'd really appreciate it but I also need some for a class entitled 'collecting' as I left my own collection at home 🙏🙈,
Hey! Does anybody want to swap my Fall 1 Rock climbing at 5:30 for Fall 2 at the same time? Thanks!,
hey! I am looking for people who took Computer Science / programming in high school - maybe even middle school or learned programming on their own or as some kind of extracurricular before college and are willing to answer a few questions! :) Thanks!,
Hey! So Maitha Alsuwaidi and I are super interested in starting Archery as SIG. If anyone else is interested please please drop me a message! Thankss,
Hey guys, this is asked before i know, but i didnt find enough restaurants, any good restaurants (authentic or mainstream as long as its good) in Prague? Thanks!,
Hey everyone! I lost my water bottle today-- either somewhere by the palm trees or in the dining hall. Please please help me find it, I've attached a photo Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone know how to make orange juice? I have oranges and a glass.,
Hey! Does anyone have a baking tray I could use today? Will repay in cake❤️,
Hey guys, does anyone know the nyuad guest wifi password? Thanks!,
URGENT: Hey! Does anyone have plastic cling wrap?,
Hey, I'm arriving at AUH at 20:05 on the 3rd. Does anyone want to share a cab? Pm me,
Hey guys. Looking for good tea shops for rooibos/ herbal tea. Any recommendations? ☕,
Hey guys! Need your help in finalising our plan for fall break. I'm travelling with a couple of friends and we've shortlised four places: (In no specific order) 1. Romania 2. Bulgaria 3. Kenya 4. Maldives However, we can't finalize one place. Which one do you recommend? And why?,[
RESOLVED] hey, has anybody in/around A2C got some blutac? will repay with nutella,
hey guys I'm doing a research project about poetry and social media - can y'all think of poets that are insta or tumblf famous?,
Hey, anyone have a big pot, baking tray and pan?,
HEY EVERYONE!!! Shahinaz and I are planning on going to Tanzania/Zanzibar for fall break. We are looking for fun awesome people to come join!! The more the merrier. Please PM me <3  (Also, don't be intimidated- she and I just met, so everyone who decides to come will all be relatively getting to know each other!),
Hey everyone! I can't seem to find this post again, and am wondering if anyone knows where in the arts centre this is taking place?,[
RESOLVED thanks to Danny boy] Hey everyone! I'm trying to buy my tickets for Fall break, but I'm having problems with my card. I don't have a UAE bank account yet, so I was wondering if I can use someone's card to pay for fall break tickets? It was around 2100 AED last time I checked (yesterday). I will pay you back in cash immediately. Thank you!,
RESOLVED THANK YOUU Hey guys.. so I managed to lose my cube the day I got it and i'm super upset and fidgety now so pls pls if u see it (possibly in the dining hall/library) pls send me a message :c   it looks like this!!,
Hey guys, if you know someone who moved to Dubai and looking to rent a room in Marina on a monthly basis, let me know (preferably a female).  Thanks!,
Hey if anyone please would be willing to be friends with Alejandro Mora he has none (spotted alone in the dining hall currently),
Hey Guys! I lost a gold ring today probably in D2 at around 12:30PM. It has a lot of sentimental value as it used to belong to my sister, so I really need to find it. If anyone finds anything that looks like the photo attached, I would be eternally grateful. [Resolved],
Hey Anyone in mathematical functions near a2c that i can take photos of the homework pages from,
Hey guys, where can I pick up my room key if I'm arriving late? (Sorry if it's been asked already cant find an answer),
Hey, is anyone volunteering for WorldSkills this Thursday? Looking for people to share a cab with me to the National Exhibition Center😃,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, anyone have oil I could use for cooking? Convenience store is shut (I think) and like a dumbass I started without getting any oil.,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have a spare notebook(s) by any chance? The medium/small ones are even better :) 💕 I didn't bring any from New York!! 😭,
TL; dr: free trip to Dubai at 2 pm, happy onam ;) ( pm for joining on the trip)  Hey Y'all, to all the Malayalees in here, Happy Onam!  For all of you who don't know what Onam is, it is essentially the Summer Harvest celebration in Kerala, that has its roots in Hindu mythology, but is celebrated by Keralites in its entirety . The most iconic symbol for this festival is the floral arrangement called "pookalam" so if you see these if and when you travel through the city, you know what it is now.  Anyone know of any events related to this festival on/off campus? Talking about travel, I'll be travelling to Dubai at 2 pm to my familia(in lieu of the celebration) so if you need to hop on I got space for 5.,(
Resolved) Hey! I am giving up my spot for bounce tomorrow. PM me if you want to claim it. Thanks,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
Hey! I've heard of non-credit language classes in the evenings. Where can I get more info on this?,
Does anyone have the syllabus for the colloquium "Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans"?,
Hey, I have some vouchers for Paintball and Go Carting for sale. Original Price: AED 240  I am willing to sell them at AED 120 One Voucher includes: 15 minutes of Go Carting 2 Paintball games Introduction into the game and a safety briefing All rental gear included The thing is they have to be used before September 30th, thats why I can't use them. Julius,
Hey guys,  I would like to give away my beddings provided by the university. This includes: 4 pillowcases, 2 pillows, 2 bedsheets, 2 bedspreads and the duvet.  I also have 2 large, 1 medium and 2 small towels to give away.  If anyone wants them, please comment below... * I might not have the time to give it away today as I'm leaving to Dubai but just posting this in advance. ** Only one more pillowcase left!,
Anyone have anything for fever/sore throat,
Found in A6, mind mattes stand,
What happens if i lost my box? Or otherwise what happens to the the box that wasnt stored? Help please, also if you see my box help as well,
Does the J-Term course Social Chameleons have a lab component (experimental inquiry)?,
Hey, does anyone have extra hangers?,
Required: the opportunity to speak up when I felt unable to do so last night. My friends and I have never experienced something of this sort on campus and I don't want it to start now. To the group of 5/6 guys who cat called me or some crap last night on the highline at around 3am near a5/a6 (loud whistling, "where you going?" "why are you running away from us?" "can we come?": this is a small school and an even smaller community. don't play a part in making it an uncomfortable and an unsafe one. respect each other and your fellow students, this place is home for a lot of us and one should at least feel as safe as possible in their home. you're lucky I didn't see your faces but I'm sure you all know who you are, make better decisions.,
Im not sure if this has been brought up before/ what is currently happening, but the amount of blocked websites are just insane... I'm trying to do some research and websites for alJazeera, Arab Women Organization and much more are blocked.. how can we bring this up?,11 books left! HI! Over the last year, I've given away over 100 books. I have around 30 more to give away. Please check out this link and let me know if you'd be interested in any of them (they're for free):,[
Sold] Selling a Splash Bash ticket!,*****
singing is also fine!!***** Hello everyone!! 😄😄 I'm posting this to search for people who are interested in both taking part in a band and anime songs: including Disney, Studio Ghibli, other Japanese anime songs (it's actually fine as long as you don't hate anime songs lol) XD I myself plays mainly acoustic guitar and some piano and also some other instruments in band such as bass, drum, and electric guitar which makes me be able to arrange songs for band in my style. Anybody who loves to play music and instruments, you are more than welcome to join!! 😝😝 If I gather enough people, I am planning to make this group (bands) as a SIG. The following page is my own facebook page of me playing guitar. Yunho Lee Just to make sure!! It can be any instrument as long as you can play it!! 😉😉  If you are interested please comment below with your net ID and instrument you can play!!8,
Anyone experienced in designing team jerseys? Please help! Thank You <3,
All the mugs have been claimed.,
Um... did the Arts Center actually start charging for their shows?,
Anyone has taken a leave of absence and returned on a j-term?,
Anyone willing to sell 2 tickets for Splash Bash please?,
Anyone who has done an on-campus student assistantship/research assistantship with any professor/department for more than a year?,
Hey everyone! My family found this Persian kitten on the streets, beaten up and dirty. After a visit to the vet and a wash, she's been with us. She is super cuddy and playful, and has a lot of love to share! Unfortunately, she has been diagnosed with Chorona. This is a disease transmitted through saliva and feces to other cats (humans are not affected!) This means she will have to stay away from other cats and animals to ensure others don't get infected. At home, we already have 5 others cats, and so we cannot keep her for long. We want to find for her a new home. Please spread the message and tag people who may be interested or could help. Thank you! Please message me if you have any questions!,
Anyone taking History and The Environment: The Middle East? Thoughts on the course.,
Anyone with a spare ticket for the Maysoon Zayid show tonight? (Resolved),
Hi! So, there are a total of 3 washing machines in A2A, out of which, only one is working properly.  I informed the security office this morning, who passed it onto maintenance. Any idea how long it might take before it gets resolved? Or, if I can report it directly to someone who can sort it out? On a side note, I don't think any of the dryers work properly either...,
Anyone who dropped out of Anthropology of Forced Migration and still has the Chronicle of the Guayaki Indians?,
Soo I'm kinda considering to pursue Philosophy as a major but I'm a bit confused. I'd reaallyy appreciate if any philosophy majors could text me & help me through some of my doubts/questions. Thanks!,
Where can I rent cycles for outdoor workouts ? Whom to talk to ?,
Anyone currently taking Classical Arabic Philosophy with Kukkonen and can answer a few questions about the class?,
Shreya Shreeraman you forgot your ID in Baraha. Pick it up asap.,
resolved!! Hey guys! does anyone have a baking pan for a circular cake? preferably around a5b. theeeeenksssssss will repay in love and cake,
Is there a taekwondo SIG in school? Or any taekwondo people?,
does anyone have any paints/painting supplies i could please borrow for this afternoon?,
My etisalat number just got out of service. The voiceover says I need to update my informations? Has anyone experienced this before? Do I absolutely need to visit their store? I do not have the Emirates ID yet, so does passport help during my visit to the Etisalat Store? Thanks.,
Hey! How do we book the activity rooms behind the baraha? Through Student Portal? If so, how? Any help is much appreciated!!!,
who's in charge of the Culinary SIG?,
Looking for Vanilla Extract, Mixed Spice, and those paper cup thingies that go into a muffin tray. Free muffin in it for you!,
Hello guys, A friend and I have established a non-profit organization which is based in Tanzania. It helps to connect volunteers with host families and places to volunteer in Tanzania. It was sad to learn how much money volunteers have to pay the international volunteering organizations everytime they wanted to come to my country. We also have discounted safaris for students. I will really appreciate if anyone is willing to share with me videos or pictures which you took during your visit to Tanzania, which I will use to promote my website. https://www.summertz.org. I will also appreciate a lot if you have any suggestions about our website or if you see any misleading information. Thanks.,
Hey guys i lost a bag with NYUAD or EuroMilano written on it with this shoes inside. If you find it please contact me Thanksss,
Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?,
Recommendations for good hands-free Bluetooth earphones please?,
Hey guys, can someone just quickly translate a part in a German contract for me? EDIT: I would just need you to find a sentence in it and translate it to English.,
Anyone knows if our residency is linked to our names on the UAE government system or to our passport numbers? (I renewed my passport while away from AD and I'm not traveling with my old passport that has residency physically printed on it because I thought it residency expires when away, but given new rules I should enter with it now?!) any thoughts what may happen?,
Hey guys, do you know when the salon (on campus) provides discounts?,
Anyone in Prejudice who can share the syllabus with me? Thank you!,
Any RA that I can text now ?,
Hey. Has anyone ever taken Multivariable Calculus at NYU Shanghai?,
Hey guys, can someone please help me by downloading this paper for me (http://www.cell.com/neuron/fulltext/S0896-6273(17)30694-3…) and sending it to my email (ji520@nyu.edu)? My current university's library, for some reason, doesn't give me access to Cell/Neuron publications haha.  (sidenote from an alumni: appreciate all the perks of NYUAD that you don't even realise you have - like free access to most, if not all, online journals :DDD).,
Hey guys!  Anyone forgot a Geoffrey Beene medium size sweater last year in A2A 505?,
Hey guys, I'm looking for recommendations on a chiropractor in AD? My eternal back pain thanks you in advance 🙃,
Hey NYUAD Community! As y'all are getting back into town, we at Blacksmith wanted to invite you to join us in making our campus more sustainable. You can now bring your own to-go cup to Blacksmith and get it filled with our batch brewed coffee for only AED 10. That includes those huge, American, 20oz monster mugs. We hope to see you soon.,
Hey guys! I just wanted to know when can we get our books from the book store?,
Hey everyone, what should I do if my nyuad card is expiring this month?,
Hey everyone! So an egyptian friend of mine is planning a solo trip to the balkans (he mostly wants to do Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro but up for others). Any suggestions on things to do or cities/towns to visit? What would be the best plan/track to follow? Thanks.,
Hey Guys, I want to gauge interest for a SIG for cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ethereum, etc) and blockchain study. This is a rapidly developing field with lots of rooms for growth and overnight millionaire life. Please comment below your netID if you're interested.,
Hey guyyys! Incoming freshmen willing to salsa or/and bachata her way through the first semester:D are there any latino dance classes there? Haven't seen any on albert. Thanks a lot!!♥,
Hey there! Does anyone have any really high quality iconic pictures of Abu Dhabi or NYUAD they wouldn't mind sharing with me? (They would be used as reference images for a potential art work) thanks!,
Hey Everyone.  Salon holds bi-weekly (Sunday at 9:00PM) gatherings with a different theme every time, including; equality of man an woman, racism, love, Infinity and many more in order  to create an opportunity to unite in a tranquil environment and reflect on inspiring themes and the common threads that tie us all together.  The goal is to provide a medium for group devotion, prayer and meditation; where people, regardless of their background, can come together to discuss how to develop ourselves, our communities and the world. (You do not have to go to every single gatherings you can attend the gatherings based on the topic of discussion) If you would like to join please write your email in the comments and feel free to follow us on instagram @salonnyuad,
Hey people :) Who here uses KOREAN skincare products - especially (but not exclusively) if you're not Asian? Could you answer a few basic questions on your experience?,
Hey,
guys!!:D Any people from Abu Dhabi who have attended an international highschool there? I met a mom who wants to send her girls there. Could you send me the website link/fb page? Thanks a lot!:D,
Hey guys, there is an orientation for new faculty tomorrow and couple of students will be speaking about experiences in and out of the classroom. Is there anything you wish faculty knew about our experience? What do faculty seem to miss or misunderstand?,
resolved:  Hey y'all. Not sure if anyone would have this, but does anyone know the library timings for this part of the summer?,
Hey :) Sorry if this has been asked before but what's the process to take a class Pass/Fail? Do I just email the registrar or?,
Hey guys, anyone know how should I go about authorising a friend to take my boxes out of storage?,
Hey guys! Has anyone seen a black & white purse at the Red Theatre today?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course contextual travel (FYWS) I have been enrolled on outsider but unlucky it is clashed with MVC , I need to change the FYWS  can someone give me a brief review about this course  thanks,
Hey! Do we have access to any form of online servers that we can run applications on? Something like Amazon EC2. Thank you!,
Hey guys! Incoming freshman here: Is there any SIG/Meeting/event at NYUAD where we get to (informally) talk about cultural similarities/differences; exploration of student cultures/spritulal pathways and that kind of thing? Something run by the Student Life office perhaps?,
Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course Circuit Breakers by Jonathan Farrow. (I searched already but didn't find much).,
Hello :) incoming freshman here. Thoughts on: Indigeneity (Mark Swislocki) Dignity and Indignity (Mahnaz Yousefzadeh),
Anyone currently in New York or who will be in New York by Tuesday and wants Kaplan GRE study books?,
Hey, so would it be best to exchange dollars for dirhams at Chicago Airport, Abu Dhabi airport, or Yas Mall??,
Did anyone take the FYWS: The Art and Aesthetics of International Aid with Samuel M Anderson? It was new last spring if I am not mistaken? Reading the course description, I don`t really know what this will be about. Or does anyone have experience with Prof. Anderson at least? How is he as a person and as a teacher in terms of workload, presentation of the material, grading?,
I need to talk to Engineering majors who have used their major to attempt to solve some social/environmental problems locally or otherwise, or are currently doing so. Plz comment or inbox me :) thank you!,[
PAID] Looking for someone experienced with making posters (Film/Movie specifically) MSG ME,
Hello! Does anybody have any opinions on Jonny Farrow? Is he a good professor etc..  Thank you in advance! <3,
I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and it recently has been consistently overheating and restarting... This happens about every 10 minutes. Has anyone else had this problem/know how to fix it?,(
Another one, sorry) Recs on (Montevideo) Uruguay? I have a friend who has just arrived there for study abroad and would love recs on anything from places to eat to where to hang etc etc. Also anyone there that I could connect her with? I would be very grateful :),
longshot but does anyone want to buy a roundtrip flight ticket from Dubai to Sofia from August 23-30 for $150?,
Who do I contact if my Citibank credit card has expired? (I'm guessing there's a host of us who have this problem?),
Hey all! This article was in the paper today concerning Pakistani kids in Dubai that can't pay for their school. I'm in touch with the reporter and she's looking to increase publicity on this issue to obtain more community support. If there is interest from NYUAD students to support this cause, she's looking to write an article to create more awareness and she'll help us figure out more ways to help the students and their families. If you'd like to contribute your support (through social media or donating time or money), please comment your netID below. Thank you!,
Hey guys, can anyone that's been soft blocked by NYU Careernet offer me some insight? Very confused as to what exactly this means aside from not being able to find jobs through Cateernet (also since I can't make an appointment with them I can't ask them myself lolzies). Any help is appreciated!,
Hey seniors! Are you done with finals? Congrats on finishing your undergrad 🎉 Come pick up your commencement attire and ma'a salama tickets in the West Forum! We're here till 5pm today. Yalla!,
Hey y'all!  Blacksmith will be open tomorrow from 8am to 3pm. Unfortunately, no take away coffees. 😒 But our "for here" cups are gorgeous so its okay!,
Hey peoplee! Anyone knows of someone who needs a babysitter during the summer in NY?? Pleasee help me out :D  Thanks fam!!,
Hey I have a request for anyone who is in or near Dubai right now (or going to be there in the next 36 hours). I have a friend that goes to U Chicago and they have a competition called Scav (it's a giant scavenger hunt) and they need a picture of someone in front of the Burj al-Arab holding a sign saying "BJ Scav 2k17, #RealBigFish" if anyone is nearby and has the chance to do this for me I would be so so grateful!,
Hey! I'm looking for an apartment in London and Paris for the summer. Any suggestions? Anyone I could reach out to for some advice/ help? Thanks!🌞,[
Resolved!]Would anybody be willing to help with a play(two-scenes) reading this coming Wednesday? Looking for someone who can read and speak Hindi, I'd be super grateful if you could help out. Please please please, thank you! :),
Hey guys, I need two voice actors for a class project,, :( would really appreciate it, I need 2 males, one to act as a crazy antagonist (think something like the joker) and someone to voice the lines for a victim character. I'll like give you a hug and send you dank memes :( we can record during the weekend and it won't take long, the lines aren't much. Pls ppl <3 ;-;,
Hey guys! Anyone has anymore commencement tickets? I really need two more.,
Hi! Does anyone know where we get the box to pack down our stuff for the summer? Where do we pick it up and where do we leave it? 🙂,
Hey! Is here someone who took the study away in Florence and had Elementary Italian (and still has the book)?,
Hey if anyone has PDFs of these textbooks (FoS 3&4) I would be super grateful if you could share them with me!,
Hey, does anyone have extra tickets for graduation? I'd be really grateful!,
Hey, anyone that's Lebanese or knows someone who is thats majoring or mastering in economics, business or anything that has to with finance please dm me.,
hey, long shot but does anyone know where I can:  1) leave two boxes and take them back next week when I'm back for summer school.  2) leave two boxes in an accessible place where someone who's not from the university can come and take them tomorrow.  (Given that I don't have any storage lockers or boxes. ),(
resolved) Hey guys, at around 10:20am today I put my bed linens in dryer 3, in the A2B laundry room. If someone took them out please tell me where you left them, bed linens all look the same :/,
Hey is anyone free 2pm on Sunday to help me set up for an exhibition in A6?,[
Resolved] Hey, anyone know what happens when our Citibank cards expire?  Are we getting sent new ones or do I have to start using the NBAD account? Also, I've got dirhams for your US dollars if anyone wants to exchange,
Hey guys, Sheba and Ben are working on their capstone (opening tomorrow!!) and they need some statues of deities from different religions. If you are willing to lend some statues, please let me know ASAP! Thanks! :),
Anyone have a spare storage box? I forgot the mailroom isn't open on Fridays...,
hi! when do dining dirhams and swipes expire?,
Any thoughts, or anyone willing to brief me on the syllabus/work for Thinking Theater with Edward Ziter? :),
Hey is anyone aware of whether we have vr controllers as well as headsets? Artem?,
To the people who have taken the LSATs and those who are currently preparing for it, how does one go about preparing for it? Also, is there anyone who could lend/give/ direct me to a place where I could possibly get LSAT reviewers?  Thank you in advance! :D,
Best place to buy condoms in AD?,
Hi rising sophomores! Since my sister Ilona has been offering my essay reading services, I figured I would post here. If you still are looking for someone to give you feedback on your study abroad essay, share it with me on Drive (or, well, whatever you use) at ms8390@nyu.edu  I'd be super happy to help!,
Anyone getting rid of Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi?,
Aside from the many water dispensers that exist in the dining hall and C2, were any water dispensers/fountains installed on residential floors following the discontinuation of 500 ml water bottles?,
Are there shuttles for summer arrivals? If not, does anyone want to share a cab from the Abu Dhabi airport (T1) back to campus? Arriving at 10:30 am on May 27.,
What are the study away essays supposed to be like? Are they more formal like a personal statement, or can we stylize them like we would a Common App college essay? If anyone has an example of their past essays I'd be so grateful, I'm pretty stuck on what to write for mine.,
Hey, I just wanted to know is it possible to withdraw from a class now? I was taking a 2 credit music class to boost my GPA but I think it's going to lower it given how musically talented I am.,
pls can someone lend me their sultry voice for a film about stem cells (preferably female),
Did anyone take 35mm filmmaking in Prague who wouldn't mind answering a few questions?,
REALLY long shot - does anyone want the Gov. & Religion books (2 extremely fat binders full of first amendment cases)? Feeling terrible throwing so much paper away 😐,
Guuuuys, does anyone know if upperclassmen get large cardboard storage boxes? :D,
Hey guys, Can anyone who's taken: - Stats for Social Sciences - Intro to Political Thinking - Legal Systems & Methods lend me their books for the summer? Thank you!,
Hey guys, for those staying for the startAD bootcamp, do we get meal swipes and/or dining dirhams?,
Anyone staying in AD for the summer and who's still on campus: im giving away a guitar.  I would have loved to find a way to keep it, but im away and couldnt. PM me ASAP pls if you are willing to pick it up.,(
Resolved) Need one actor to reshoot a part of a short film, need someone who can pass for a Pakistani adult. Will take a max of 15 minutes -- will be paid 50aed,
Hey guys, I cant find my skateboard. Any help would be appreciated. I last left it on the shrubberies near the garage exit.  It is a black penny board with green wheels.  Cheers!,
Is it possible for courses to double count for both IM minor and a technology core? Any suggestions about taking IM courses in Shanghai?,
Hey guys! Does anybody have olive oil? (Will repay with a piece of Moldovan Placinta) Thanks!,
Hey guys. I have 38k miles on my American Airlines account that are expiring in August. Any ideas/suggestions on the best way to preserve them? Are they worth saving for?  P.S.: if anyone is buying a ticket for travel within the US, I'm willing to buy it for you with my mileage at a much lower price than the face value. Thanks.,
Hey, guys! Any thoughts on Art of Narrative Science with Charles Siebert? 😇,
Hi, tragically uninformed person here. Has anyone who has ever made a Bursar e-check payment with their Citi card tell me what the routing number is, or kindly allow me to PM you?,
anyone know of someone with a place to rent or who is looking for a roommate in new york? my dates are sept '17 to may-ish '18.,
Anyone planning on going to the U.S. Embassy this Thursday (May 4th) morning or Sunday (May 7th) morning?,
What do we do with books that we do not want to keep? Is there a place on campus to donate them?,
Hey friends, I've lost a pair of black metal Rayban sunglasses. Clubmaster style, small crack in the lens. They've been missing for a while and aren't at public safety. Please PM me if you've found them! TIA :) :),
Hey everyone! Milica, Matilda, Shereena, Ruta, and I are doing a project about Academic Stress at NYUAD, and we would greatly appreciate if you filled out this quick survey on your experiences with academic stress: ,
Hey, does anyone have a bucket or a plastic bowl that I could borrow for 15 mins?,
Hey girls, please please avoid being my roommate at A5B room 311, you'll thank me xoxo,
Hey! Thoughts on Zeynep Ozgen? I'm thinking of taking Ethnographic Field Research next sem. Any help is much appreciated.,
Hey guys! Anyone who has been to Kathmandu before, would you be willing to give me some advice? I'm thinking about heading there between the end of the spring semester and the beginning of summer courses, but I'm struggling to put a plan together. Thank you! :),
Hey, I'm selling one ticket to Russ tonight. PM if interested :),
Hey people! Is there somebody who studied away their whole junior year at two different NYU sites and would be able to answer a couple of questions? Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone,  If you're interested in competing in a livestreamed League of Legends tournament with prizes comment your net IDs. There are limited spots. It'll be here on campus at the end of April, hosted by MSI and Paused.,
Hey, I'm waiting for the CDC to get back to me about funding but I kinda need to know... Is there someone interning in Dubai over the summer that is still looking for a flatmate? Or in the same situation (if you get funding you will live in DXB)?,
Urgent -  Hey guys! Does anyone know how long it takes to renew your student visa once expired? And if there is any way to speed up the process? Thank you!,
HEY PEOPLE! Apparently, there is a possibility to request an Accounting course in London! (It's not offered) So then we can take FFM and Accounting together in London!  Who's interested? I'm going to speak with Chuck Grim if there are at least 5 people interested! Comment your netID bellow!,
Hi people! Anyone interning in Abu Dhabi close to Media City (twofour54) from mid June till the end of the summer?,
To everyone that has taken ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 1 and/or ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 2 (sophs, juniors, seniors!): In conversation with professor Ali, myself and several other students in Orgo Chem 1 are writing a proposal to Dean Schiccitano to make Orgo Chem 1 and 2 5-credit courses (3+2 = lecture+lab), which is more appropriate to the large workload that the lecture and lab entail. If you agree with this and would like your signature on this proposal, please comment with your Net ID below and I will send you the drafted proposal to sign it.,
Hey all! Latino Night is coming up and we're looking for volunteers to take pictures throughout the night. It would be Thursday, April 27 from 6 to 10 pm. I'd be so thankful, Hmu if you're interested! ♡,
Hey, does anyone know an optics in the city, where I can fix broken glasses?,
Hey, everyone! I need to take 1 Elective: from another Art major (e.g. MDMED, MUSIC, THEAT, VISAR) to fulfill my major requirements, do you have any classes that you would recommend?,
If you're a freshman taking data structures/algorithms this semester this is a message for you!!! As you may know, the CS department is basically forcing our study away to be on Junior fall, and at the moment, the operating systems class is only offered on the fall semesters. OS is a prerequisite to other classes including networks (required) and electives (computer security and I think databases, and you must take at least one CS elective in AD). This means that as of now, you would have to waste one of your classes in New York by taking OS, or be unable to take some of the electives if you opt to take it Senior fall. I talked to Godfried today and put this on his radar, and he agrees it is a waste, so if enough people are willing to take the class Sophomore Spring the CS department will consider offering the class. (By the way, you will be fresh with CSO concepts that are used for the class!) If you are interested, please comment/PM so this can move forward!,
Hello friends! (Heads up: Not a post about Latino Night) Where can I take out my lovely mama to lunch? Description of what I'm looking for: 1) Good Ethnic food (Doesn't matter where from, but Non-Latino) 2) A place with a nice view (Ideally, not a necessity),
Hey guys, does anyone know how to create infographics? I need a person or a place that is willing to transform a document into a work of creative and informative infographics.  It's for pay btw! Thank you!,
Hey guys, does anyone know where I can view my current financial aid package? Need to fill in the exact amount on the CSS Profile. Thanks.,
Hey, I was wondering if anyone had the required books for Foundations of Mathematics or Real Analysis so that I can borrow them over the summer?,
Hey guys! I missed the housing app deadline but I was hoping to room with Hazem so I would appreciate it if no one took room A6A 502D. Thanks!,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, has anyone tried to change rooms on the housing app and wasn't able to? (didn't get the room change button) If so, does anyone know how to fix it?,
Hey, does anyone in A6B have a vacuum I could use?,
Anyone with experience of getting housing without applying for research funding in Abu Dhabi? I missed the deadline.,
Hey, Anyone got their Summer Research Funding decision?,
Hey guys, what places deliver good cakes to campus? Thank you!,
Hey guys! Did we receive the financial aid application/ CSS profile for this year yet? (Doesn't it come around first week of April?),
Does anyone have Otrivin?,
Hey guys! There's a project I am working on and I would really appreciate it if you could comment your "foolish" dream (can be a childhood dream too) Thank you xoxo,
hey!! Can anybody help move something in the arts center?,
RAs 2017-18 please comment below) Thanks,
Hey guys, does anyone know to whom to report to regarding bullying in the university?,
Students taking/enrolled in Cognition in the Fall and wouldn't mind changing the timings?,
Hey, what is the situation with accommodation between Spring and Summer semester?,
Could anyone please send me the syllabus for the Forensic Science core? My net id is nab451, thank you!,
Could the cost of changing a flight ticket (3 weeks earlier) be equivalent to the cost of the actual flight ticket? Nirvana surprised me 😂😂😂 Any experience? at least slightly close?,
Has anyone seen a grey NYU SnapBack (cap) last known location D1🙏🏽,
Classes with a whole load of class participation but chill written workload?,
URGENT  Doesn't anyone have any clothes or accessories with anti NYU or Anti NY logos on them.  What I mean by this are clothes like a Boston Red Sox hats, jerseys, Celtics stuff, UCLA shirts GEORGETOWN, Berkeley apparel. Things that signify rival schools or sports teams to anything related to NYK.  Anything that would piss off a NewYorker would be highly appreciated.,
Who to talk to for student disciplinary actions,[
RESOLVED: Thank you so so so much Lama! I knew I could count on this school ♥] LOST: this beloved water bottle that I even took a picture of because I figured I would lose it at some point :( last seen in D2 / living room / A2B lounge and I've checked all those places but maybe you people are more observant than me? Please please please if you see it let me know I will be eternally grateful and shower you in love and dining dirhams <3 P.S. it also has a "fight like a girl" sticker on it not pictured here,
Hi, did this mess up anyone else's schedule?,
I'm doing research at a climate modeling lab at NYUAD. The lab would like to work with students interested in climate and environmental science. We're mainly trying to create interest among students and there aren't particular objectives set beforehand so the research will be flexible. The work may involve exploring data on a particular climate change phenomenon, for instance. And if the student wants to explore their own climate change problem (understanding glacier melting in antarctica or exploring the El-Nino etc), they can work on that topic with a lot of autonomy. There will most likely be statistics and data analysis in the work. But someone with basic programming experience (file handling etc) and a good background in science and math can fit the role. This may start as a summer internship and the student may end up continuing work with the lab for capstone and beyond. Climate studies is a scientifically rich subject and what these models can do is pretty crazy. I'd think many students will like this. Please let me know if you're interested.,
Does anybody know who to contact for 3D printing in the Arts Center? Thanks!,
Hey, Guys! Any thoughts on Utopias and Dystopias (the core class)?,
Hey guys does anyone know if there are any consequences and what they are if I withdraw from a summer course after signing the confirmation of funding form?,
Hey guys! So I wanna take some art courses next semester and I was wondering how heavy is the work load for Foundations of Art History I and Foundations of Photography and Lens Based Media! (I'll be doing FOS 3 and 4 as well) Thanks in advance!!! :),
anyone got 2 tickets to barakah meets barakah on sun? pls pls pls,
Wondering if there's someone in particular I can talk to to ask a question about the Al Khayr awards? Not sure who the point of contact is exactly. Thanks!,
I can't check my balance on my Citibank card and I just keep getting this message, "The system is currently unavailable. Please retry later." Has this happened to other people before?,
One free ticket to watch Fast and the Furious 8 (Comment net ID) :),
Required: Information about the painted stairs/walls in Amman. More info: I am writing an essay about street art in major cities and I was wondering if anyone knows any detailed information around when this movement began, who started it? etc etc I have found some information but can't seem to find many detailed news articles etc. Any help would be much appreciated! http://www.jordantimes.com/…/volunteers-use-graffiti-add-co… http://www.jordantimes.com/…/youth-initiative-uses-public-a…,
Anyone who's taken a beginner oud course in the past? Please comment, I'd like to PM you with a few quick questions.,
Hey guys!! I deleted an important folder, also deleted it in the trash :( How do I retrieve it again???,
Hey, anybody who knows how to unsubscribe from WolframAlpha Pro? Their information pages are useless and the website's designed to prevent you from unsubscribing. Any help is appreciated.,
A file tray? something resembling this? need for just like an hour or so.,
Reading GLASSES FOUND (black frame) in the Library Study Room 404! Library closes at 8pm today so hurry up if you want to get them from the front desk. Otherwise they will be given to Public Safety (and I am not sure if you will be able to get them before Sunday).,
Hey everyone :) I know there has been a lot of talk over what D1 will be used for. I would really appreciate it if you guys could take this short survey over D1 I am doing for a class. We would like to know what the student body wants D1 to be used for.  Thanks in advance! ,[
Note: please be logged into your nyu account before accessing this folder!] Hey everyone, the Mock Wedding pictures can be found here:,
HEY YOU! Are you interested in consulting, wealth funds, entrepreneurship or even cyber security?   Then, we are requesting your presence on Thursday, 20th of April, 6 P.M. at the CDC!,
Anyone has Emirates miles that you're never gonna use and willing to sell to me? Thank youuuu,
Hey! Anyone staying over the break and might want to adopt my fish Waffles for a week? He's super easy and just likes affection.,
Hey guys, looking for book recommendations in philosophy, physics, math and computer science. Or anything else you think I might like really... Not a looking for a text book but maybe a bit more nuanced than my primary school readings.  If I can understand it, great. If it gives me existential crises, amazing!  If I can spew out the random facts I learn to mascuerade  as a learned person, brilliant! If I can listen to it, spectacular!,
Hey, Probably a long shot but, A couple of friends (3 girls and myself) are planning on going to Egypt for spring break. Anyone (preferably guys) willing to join us? We're currently planning our itinerary in A6C. Message me if you're interested :'(.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, anyone heading to the airport tonight around midnight and want to share a cab? :),
Hey everyone! I'm from the class of 2014 and am now in law school in DC. I will re-post this closer to the end of your school year, but if you are interning or visiting DC this summer I'm renting out my studio apartment. Let me know if you are interested in details!,
Hey guys, so for one of my classes I need to conduct a mock counseling interview using a "mock client". This has to be somewhat of a relative stranger to me, so essentially a friend of a friend works.  I was wondering if anyone knew someone in New York who would be willing to take part in this 30 minute conversation or at least ask around for someone who would be willing to do so. If you know of anyone interested could you please PM me and I could give some more information. Thanks in advance.,
Hey friends -- anyone willing to exchange dirhams for dollars?,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Does anyone have a cupcake/muffin tray I could borrow for the night (preferably in A2A :)) Will be rewarded with cupcakes!,
Hey guys! Does someone have a tent that they would be willing to lend to me from tomorrow ( March 13th) to March 20th? I promise to take good care of it!,
Hey. Does anyone have a magnifying glass that i can borrow till wednesday next week? Thank u,
Hey. I have a friend from the University of Cambridge trying to get in contact with Tisch students (as many as possible). Preferably someone that studied anything comedy related. If you are an NYUAD student that has taken classes at Tisch feel free to hit me up!  Thanks!,
Hey guys!I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :) Please help!!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a contact (staff/faculty/professional in the city) who'd be willing to join a panel discussion on women empowerment in times of crisis (on April 16th)? Or anyone well-versed in this area whom I can get in touch with?  (PM for details),
Anyone has friends/relatives who work in the advertising industry? Best, if in the region. lNeed some industry expertise. Thanks a million!!!,
Hey. Anyone who speaks Urdu? I really need some help for a project.,
Hey Gamers, anyone knows where I can buy a Razer Blade (14" or 13") laptop in the UAE? Can't find it on Souq.com,
Anyone who has experience finding housing in Zanzibar or has knowledge on housing in Zanzibar?,
Hey! Anybody have the syllabus for "Introduction to Accounting" (preferably the summer one). Thank you!,(
resolved) Are the online video classes for GRE (Manhattan Prep) useful? Or are the self-study books enough? Thanks!,
Do we have a print allowance?,(
resolved!) hey guys does anyone have spare anti-malaria pills they don't need anymore and wouldn't mind giving away? :),
last minute question re: summer internship funding, is it okay if the offer is made via email? or do i have to ask my boss to draft a proper letter,(
resolved) does anyone have butter milk or vanilla extract? pls pls will repay with brownies and cupcakes,
Hey guys, Is the Chief Economist of Brunei really gonna be on campus today? When??,
There is a cat in front of D2 that is limping and its face is scratched (and is also continuously sneezing and retching). Anybody knows how to help or call a vet?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have extra index cards I could have? :) :) I would greatly appreciate it!,
Happy Int'l Women's Day!! Looking for female volunteers who are willing to be photographed (and willing to tell me a little secret) .. diversity is what I'm looking for ...details will be revealed personally,
panadol preferably around a2c pls,
Are there any graduates that went to NYU law school afterwards?,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to enter the billing address for our citi cards to pay for things that require a zip code? I'm trying to donate to Tamy's gofundme page but I can't! PS, donate here! ,
I'm thinking of potentially videoconferencing with the former Executive Director of the Bitcoin Foundation, the industry's oldest trade organization. We could discuss and speculate together the future of the digital currency (or digital currencies in general). Please comment your netID here if you are interested in the event, which would happen after the spring break, probably mid-April. Thanks!,
Places to stay in Amman? Looking for the best quality to price ratio! Thanks!,
Hey guyzz, I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :),
Hey guys I am trying to break down 100&200 dirham bills into 50 or smaller.  Anyone looking to get rid their small bills? Thank you,
Virtual Reality is so 2016, be up with the times and learn Augmented Reality! There is a cool SUMMER course being offered (ENGR-AD 120 Human + Machine: Applications in Mediated Reality) Further details: Designing Genius: Summer Course in Abu Dhabi in Partnership with Etihad Airways (4 credits) Enrollment is open for Professor's Christian Grewell and Eliot Gattegno's course this summer in Abu Dhabi. We feel this will be a fantastic opportunity for students from all disciplines, but especially those interested in the intersection of interactive media and business. The Details: Combine theory and practice, with practice on site at a major business organization, Abu Dhabi-based, which is at the forefront of many technical, organizational, culture-spanning challenges and opportunities. The course runs Summer Session, May 28 - June 22 in Abu Dhabi A rare opportunity to work directly with executives across all functions at one of the world's biggest airlines. The professors, Christian and Eliot, have designed the course teach and combine skills and expertise across disciplines, including the Humanities, IM and Computer Science. Here's the Course Description (ENGR-AD 120): In this course, students will tackle Etihad Cargo’s real-world business challenges through the lens of human-centered design while learning fundamental building blocks of computer vision, augmented reality and sensor technology. This course sits at the forefront of the state-of-the-art in technology and design to challenge students to be creative in both their application of technology and their design of solutions with a real-world impact. Students will work directly with the course partner, Etihad Airways, one of the world’s leading airlines, to design, develop and test technology-enhanced solutions to real-world business challenges. Students will come away with a much better understanding of not just how to create interactive technology-enhanced prototypes and modern design practices, but also an appreciation for how to propose, enact and manage change across a multi-disciplinary/cultural modern organization. PLEASE NOTE WHEN REGISTERING:  Registration for summer courses is not through Albert. Rather you'll need to submit an application through a form available on the NYUAD Student Portal  The deadline was Wednesday but we have extended it until the end of the week. If you have questions about the course, feel free to email christian@nyu.edu.,
Tips on how to stay up for 3 days (with like 2 hrs of sleep max). Is it doable? lol,
Hey guys, anyone knows how to apply our 10% Lufthansa discount?,
Has anyone taken Corporate Finance in Stern?,
Planning a trip to Georgia, is it true that an Emirates ID is enough to get visa on arrival (group with American and Sri Lankan passports)? Also do people have any recommendations for places to go in Tbilisi? Thank you so much!!!!!,
Hey guys, who can lend me a sandwich bag ? need it for traveling,
Hey,  I'm travelling to Prague for the Spring Break, and wanted to plan day trips in and around the Czech Republic, as well as neighboring cities (thinking Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, Wroclaw, Bratislava at the moment) Anyone who has done this kind of trip, or is from these places, and can advise me on how to go about it? Also suggestions on what to do/see in Prague :) Thanks!,
Hey! Just wanted to know whether we have a Golf SIG at NYUAD? Or of anyone knows in P.E. Golf is still being offered and what levels? Thanks!,
Hey all,  The Office of First Year Experience is looking for some parents (of NYUAD students) who live nearby and would be willing to come over to campus to take part in a Marhaba-related promotional video with their children. All they have to do is ask a series of questions (e.g. what will my child be eating or where will he/she be living etc), which will be provided to them. The student in question will be in the video as well.  This will take approx. 2 hours, plus a lunch for all the participants! If you/your parents are interested in this, please leave your netID below asap and I'll email you with further details!,
Hey, How do I get a trolley? (resolved),
Hey guys, my brother will be starting IB next year and he wanted some advice regarding how to pick his classes and so on. If any of you could help him out, I'd greatly appreciate that! Thank you,
Hey! Who do you talk to when you want to do an individualised study?,
Hey! After switching my regular detergent (which I got in the stores outside of campus) to the sensitive white colored one they sell on campus, my clothes' colors bled all over, even though none of them are new/ have not been washed before. Anyone else has had the same problem with that detergent? Is the blue gel one better?,(
Resolved!) Hey guys, have you seen this grey snapback around? The last time I saw it was Saturday. I don't have a photo of the front, but it has a black square. It looks like the one in the photo. I really want it back, so if you find it around, let me know!,
Hey guys! Does anyone have a contact at The Emirates Center for Strategic Studies and Research (ECSSR)? If so, please PM me, I'd really appreciate it!,
Hey, guys! Does anyone know who's in charge of the Sound and Music Computing minor? (pls tell me it's not Godfried lol),
Hey guys, I'm scared I lost my phone.. anyone has seen a Samsung S5 in a bright red case, the front sticker reads loud and clear 'SAD ASIAN GIRLS CLUB'? In/around the Library - walk to Highline to A6. Hard to miss. Plspls,
Hey everyone! Any tennis lovers out there that would like 2 tickets to today's matches at Dubai Duty Free Tennis? Or know anyone that would like them? World No. 1 Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych will be playing today! As well as many others ☺️ 100 dhs each,
Hey guys, Anyone with USD$10.00...urgently needed l will exchange with AED40.00. Thank you in advance.,[
STUDENT GOVT POST] A huge thank you to everyone who was able to make it to the General Assembly last night! Based on the discussion we had yesterday about the End of Year Event (which will take place on April 20th), we have narrowed down the ideas to three: 1. Gala/Dance: You know how it goes. Dress to impress and dance the night away! And if you're not into dancing, don't worry - we'll have LOTS of food and dessert to keep you occupied for the night! 2. Lounge party: Be prepared for a chill night - look nice, but fancy dresses, heels, and tuxes are NOT necessary. Sip on some mocktails and eat appetizers and other finger foods as you lounge around (possibly a pool). 3. Lounge/Gala combination: Dress for a gala or dress to lounge - it's all up to you! Dance to some good music, lounge around, both, or neither (and just go straight for the food). Give us your feedback on what you want by reacting to this post! For option #1, react with "love" <3 For option #2, react with "haha"  and for option #3, react with "wow" :O **Please react by THURSDAY MIDNIGHT (by Feb 16, 2017 at 11:59 pm)** Also leave any comments or suggestions you may have in the comments section below, and/or email me at ao1402@nyu.edu. Looking forward to an amazing end of year event! ****Edit: there has been an update in option #2.,
Hey guys :)  This is a super random question but does anyone know any team building games or activities that could be done at a big staff meeting?  There are many online but I want to know if there are any tried and good ones.,
Hi guys, I have a Jordanian student who wants to apply to nyuad. He has questions about Jordanian schooling tests and such. Are they any students from Jordan who would be willing to help this student out? :),
Hey guys, I'm working on a project for 24/X. I need people who are willing to give me 5 minutes of their time being filmed answering 2 questions. Please comment below if you're willing ❤❤ We can come to you!,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Contracts with Peter Goodrich please??,
Hey! Need to borrow a grater, and long shot but a small scale for baking ?? :),
Hey Guys! (asking for a friend), when is the summer 2 in New York application due? Is it due March 1st or later? Also, is the summer application for Abu Dhabi due today midnight? or tomorrow midnight? Thanks!,
I have always wondered why are there no dogs around campus if there are cats :/ #suchanimalism?,
Hey people this cat is injured and cannot walk properly, and is also mewing as if it is in pain. Is there any way someone can help the cat?,
Hey does anyone have playing cards that I may borrow for this Friday? Please.,
Hey Everyone, currently working on a project with the Alumni Association to try to open up any type of "Maker Space" or studio space to Alum in NYC.  Are there any spaces you'd like access to post-graduation? (e.g. Stuyvesant Woodshop, ITP workspace) The more specific the better!,
Does anybody know of a Professor who has studied Conflict Resolution in any way? Could be on a personal level or big scale... Anything helps, even if his/her area of study is just vaguely related. Thank youuuu,
Does anyone have a plane pillow that I could borrow until Monday? Please,
Hey,  Did anyone take the class "Drama in Performance" in New York?,
Anybody from a country with mandatory military service who is willing to speak with me sometime today?  Thank you!,
did anyone take the core Microbes with Ignatius Tan? if so, how is the workload, is it interesting/fun?,
Would anyone be interested in working as an assistant for the core Language of Computing? The class is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2:30 - 3:15 PM with Professor Sana Odeh. Must have experience with coding in Python! ** This is currently happening, so it would be for the remainder of the spring semester,
Anyone has a syllabus of Elisabeth Anderson's FOMST??,
RESOLVED - Does anyone have extra tickets for Barzakh tonight?,
Hey guys! When and Where is the 2017 Summer Opportunities Program - Info Session?,
Hey can I talk to any Poli Sci - Psychology double majors? Thanks :),
Hey people, do we have anybody that lived or have seen Viale Matteotti dorms in Florence? Thank you! :),
Hey.. I have dollars I want to exchange to dirhams if anyone is interested,
Hey guys! Can u have some advice on "A Thousand and One Night's" as a core class? Was it interesting? The professor is Luis Paulo-Lemo Parreiras-Horta. Any thoughts?,
Hey guys, Hennie Ward and I are both in need of white pants/skirts/dresses/abayas that we could borrow tomorrow afternoon for our class. (We promise to keep you whites white, we will look after them!) :),
Hey everyone,  So for those who have done research in the summer, were you guys on F1 visas?,
Hey guys! My friend from The National is writing a story about the US travel ban. Do we have any people that are citizens or originally from Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Syria or Libya?  If so, please comment with your net ID for a 5 minutes phone call about how this Trump ban effects you. Thanks!,
Hey!  Do we have any latino dance lessons on campus?,[
Urgent] Hey guys! Does anyone have dicloran gel or voltaren gel or any similar cream to treat swelling in foot?,
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you knew if any Business related or Management were amongst Majors that were considered to be added to NYUAD's list? Alternatively, does anyone know if a Management or Business concentration can be pursued in a Global Network Site (especially NYUNY)? Thank you.,
Hey guys! Looking for a part time content writer who can write (blog posts, social media posts) on topics of education and travel. Your compensation TBD. PM me with some examples of your writing.,[
Resolved] Hey! Does anybody how to import your classes to google calendar? Thanks!,
What are Student Government's operating times to borrow Al Vroom (or any other trolley)?,
Non-travel related: How has NBAD contacted you for your debit card pickup?  I applied in early November and still haven't received a notice.  I called their toll free number and their representative was unable to provide a status on my application.,
Can anyone taking Indian Political Thought: Idea of India, send me the syllabus please? Thank you!,
Anybody know why I have no mealswipes? Who do I contact about this.,
Hey guys :) quick question regarding capstone during January term - do we have to attend any class, as indicated on Albert, or is it just independent work? Am not sure how this works. Thanks,
Anyone took a class with Professor Vicky Kiechel? NYU DC? (I'm sorry, I don't have access to course review because I don't seem to be a student),
Student Gov people: plz plz I need to borrow a trolley at 1pm... tried emailing u but no replies. Help?!,
girls interested in doing WO brazilian jiu-jitsu, please comment or pm your netid,
Anyone willing to lend me a duffle bag for a week long class trip? Will get you a souvenir from Kenya.,
Anybody know if the school still offers Rosetta Stone for free?,
Does anyone have a laundry bag that I could use / buy? Mine was stolen las semester and I don't feel like stealing someone's.........,
People who have been to Sri Lanka, how did you move around?  Is hiring a driver a good idea/ cheap? Does anyone know a driver there? Thanks in advance!,
Does anyone know why Ryanair's website doesn't work? Many of my friends have problems accessing it in this country. And possible ways to get around it? Thank you :),
Any Lit majors who i could talk to?,
Someone who can code Python and wants to earn money from it? Preferably someone who has taken Data Structures and Algorithms. PM me.,
Does anyone want to share a taxi to the airport tomorrow morning at around 7am?,
Anyone have some gift wrapping paper they'd be willing to part with? Pls I don't need much,
Can anyone add me to the course review website? Here is my netID: aa3817,
Hey guys, if you identify as Western European and you could take this survey  (it's 2 questions, won't take you more than 10 seconds) you'd make my life much easier!,
hey friends in a6b can we please get the tables in the second floor lounge back since we are no longer celebrating unthanksgiving i can help in transportation shukrannn,
hey people doing the piano/singing recital~where is it?,
Hey guys,  Does anyone have experience with not being able to reach the airport they fly out from (due to snow, closed roads, etc)? Could GlobalEd help us in any way or is it all on us to resolve?  Thank you and have a great NYE!,
Hey guys! I'm wondering what your thoughts are on my hairstyle? It's for a class ,
Anyone know what time the library loses today? Is it still 8pm? Are hey extending hours becuz you know... finals?,
Hey guys, I lost my ID (maybe around the lib cafe), please let me know if you find it :(( thank youu,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have Christmas lights or fairy lights we can borrow for the evening?,
Hey everyone, thoughts on these J-term classes? CORES-AD 73J Meaning of Life COREA-AD 68J Music and the Mind CORES-AD 75J Idea of the University COREX-AD 55J Social Chameleons,
hey! i require a native spanish speaker to check a lil something for a friend of mine. quite urgent, promise it won't take long! pm me. gracias!,
Hey guys, has anyone ever cancelled their ticket home over break with Nirvana and just booked their own ticket? Is there a cancellation fee? How helpful are Nirvana and Global ed? Is this even possible to do? Thanks in advance for any help.,
hey fam anyone has some cake ?,
Hey lovelies, [resolved] Is A6 open to students over the break (today)? just the first two floors.,
Hey, can I borrow playing cards from anyone? Pleaseeeee,
Hey guys - I'm writing a case study on tattoos and would like to interview several people with tattoos. It'll just be a brief couple of questions and I would really appreciate it. Please comment below if you're interested!,
Hey people! Does anyone know when we get our spring stipends? Thanks.,
Is the office of Global Ed open today?,
hey guys!!  does anyone know how i can print my geoblue insurance for nyc?  thanks🎈🎈,
Hey guys! I just received my NBAD card, can I set up the pin code through our ATM or does it necessarily have to be NBAD ?,
Hey guys, I am seeking for advice on laptops.  Expectations are: 1. Can run PS & Indesign, 2. Can run Civilization VI (without getting stuck), 3. Battery lasts long. Thank thank thank youuuuuuu!,
Anybody at the library right now?,
Any one with a tonne lot of campus dirhams and doesnt know how to finish them? I am here for you😊.,
Hey guys! So out of desperation and sheer necessity, I enrolled in a FYWS with Camilla Boisen. I currently am on the waitlist for Bryan Waterman's "Records" and have edited a swap with the former if I get in. I was wondering if anyone has any thoughts on Camilla Boisen and whether I should stay in this class, as I do not want to go in without knowing what to expect.,
HOMIES is there an nyuad alum group?? I'm sure there is and i was equally sure i was in it  but it turns out i am not. I have an awesome opportunity for alums that I want to share,
Has anyone interned at the US Embassy in Abu Dhabi before? Mind sharing your experience with me? :),
hey guys, would any of you be interested in Carnatic music lessons or workshops? I went through many years of training as a Carnatic vocalist but i'm starting to forget some of it - so I thought if enough people are interested, maybe doing a series of classes/workshops can help me practice :)  (if not, i'm also open to other suggestions on how to keep in touch with an art form that's not common in NYUAD!)  for reference:,[
Resolved!]A luggage scale anyone?,
Dear People, What is the best way to resolve student travels giving me extremely absurd and inefficient routes and argue that this is the best efficient way?,
Good afternoon :) Is anyone willing to lend me a luggage scale for a couple of mins? Please-please-please :3,
Hey ^_^ Is anyone in the US right now that can take a small box of gifts for my family with them to the UAE and mail it to them there?  I'll pay for all shipping and baggage costs and leave a few gifts for you too!,
Hey guys - for finals, where is WA-005?,
Hey guys! Anyone who has taken Foundations of Art 2 and can tell me what it is all about? Or the syllabus?,
Hey y'all is anyone going to any mall today and could grab me something while they are there?,
Hey y'all I'm creating a playlist for defend the nest tonight? What songs you wanna hear while we watch the falcons kick some ass!?,
Hey lovelies, I'm going to Shanghai for Jterm and I need to apply for the visa while I am here in NYC. Has anyone ever applied for a Chinese visa in NYC? The consulates website isn't that helpful and no one from the office of global education is answering my emails. Thank you!,
Hey all -- I'm coming to AD next semester and have absolutely no requirements I need to fulfill while there. Any suggestions for your all-time favorite class?,
Hey guys,  A friend and I were thinking about buying some equipment, so we wanted to know if anyone would be interested in possibly renting gopro's, drones, action cameras, etc. If so please like this post. So we can get an idea of interest levels.,
hey guys does anyone want to go on a date with me,
Hey guys, we're getting a bus to attend the Sharjah International Book Fair on Friday, 4th November, specifically Rupi Kaur's seminar on "The Poetry Field: Poetry and its Large Audience"!!!  Okay, logistics. The bus will cost us around 900 dhs and can seat up to 30 people. That's 30 dhs each, way cheaper than using public buses and cabs to get to the Sharjah Expo Center, where the event is taking place. Comment below with your net ID if you're interested in attending. Submit your money tomorrow to:-  Vamika Sinha from 11:00 am-1:00 pm (Library Cafe)  Me from 7:30 pm-8:30 pm (D2)  TOMORROW IS THE ONLY DAY THAT YOU CAN PAY.  The bus will leave the Welcome Center at 5:15 pm sharp and we're expecting to get back around midnight. More information at: http://www.sharjahbookfair.com/default.aspx Peace out. (Pls come it'll be lit.),
Hey! I was wondering if someone could help me out. My aunt is designing an app that allows for parents to track their kids spending and gives them points if they spend responsibly. She's looking for a name, any ideas?,
Hey guys, as a part of a core project, I'm currently writing a book that requires me to interview people and ask for their reflections on maturity and personal experience(s) of transitioning from childhood to adulthood. If you have a story to tell and would like to contribute to the book, please comment below or PM me. The entire thing won't take longer than an hour of your time and maybe a few follow-up questions. Rewards include a copy of the book and the chance to project your voice out there.  P.S The copy can be signed.  P.P.S Help a fellow human out here.,
Hey peeps, anyone been to Kuwait? Ideas for some fun(ish) stuff to do there?,
hey guys does anyone have a projector that i could borrow for the evening/ does the lib rent them out at this time? thx,
Hey. Anyone with ANY knowledge of the constitutional reforms in Bosnia? Or just general information about Bosnian Politics. I would like to chat for like 10 minutes please :),
Hey fam!  Thoughts and feels on the following Econ classes/professors,  Poverty: An Economic Analysis - Francois Bourguignon Behavioral Economics - Ernesto Reuben  Technology and Economic Development - Yaw Nyarko  Pls help. Can't wait to get rid of my last Econ elective,
Hey guys, has any of you watched the series "How to get Away with Murder" and is willing to answer a very brief question about the show for my class? If you are willing to do so please send me a direct message (won't take more than 5 minutes),
Hey everyone! So I need some help for a Project for my Core Class. I want to create a collection of memories, more specifically linked to mothers. I was wondering if anyone could share their favorite picture of themselves with their mother and maybe 2 or 3 sentences (feel free to write more if you feel there need/ there is a  story you want to tell) on why that specific picture is so special for you. You can pm me the picture and the sentences.  If you have it in physical form let me know and I can stop by, scan it and return it immediately! Please please please help me get a good grade on my final thank youuuuu,
Hey guys, I'm basically super undeclared major wise rn and was thinking of looking into SRPP next semester - is foundations of modern social thought a good intro to that major or does anyone recommend a different SRPP elective/class that would help me figure out if its something id like to pursue? Thaanks,
Hey friends!  Do any of you have a spare ten minutes on Sunday or Monday and would be willing/want to be in a video for the Health Promotion Office. You would just need to read out a sentence (that will be given to you) on camera. If you are interested, please comment with you net id below. The filming will be between 10am-12pm on Sunday and 12:00-2:30pm on Monday, but you can come whenever suits you within those times.  You'd be my hero <3,
Hey everyone, we are trying to have a cloth donation drive in collaboration with Operation Smile, so we would really appreciate if we can get around 10 storage boxes from you all for this purpose. If you still have some storage boxes lying around could you comment below and we can come and pick them up? Thank you! Also, if you are simply interested in helping out/volunteering, feel free to let me know as well!,
Hey!! Does anyone know where Professor Jill Magi's office is?,
Hey guys. Does anyone have a copy of the book "The God of Small Things" and is willing to give it to me? I am willing to pay for it! Thank you!!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know of a good location for a desert scene where I can bring a car to? (I can't bring one to the construction site behind campus) #intermediatefilmmaking,
Hey! Do you guys have any recommendations on the following colloquia/professors? I would highly appreciate it:         - CCOL-AD 23 The Commendments (Jim Savio)         - CCOL-AD 24 Life in the Universe (Joseph Gelfand)         - CCOL-AD 28 Global Governance (Michael Harsch) Thank you so much! :),
Hey guys! Out of the ones that did the passport/visa thing for jterm in NY, does anyone know how/where to get the passport back?  We need to get it from the empost, but anyone knows where is it located? Thank you!,
Hey! Does anyone recommend any good (interesting and easy) Structure Or Science cores (old core curriculum) for the Spring in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey how do I go about booking an in-person tutorial with a librarian at NYUAD? I tried the student portal form and was directed to librarians in Bobst library.,
Hey guys! Any one who is a math major here 😀Really need some help on the academic schedule [especially one study away and  math electives] and have some questions about capstone.🙈  Thx a lot,
Hey, does anyone have bread for this poor soul?,
hey - is there anyone coming to NY for jterm who would be willing to lug a package-sized thing from AD halfway across the world for a humble alum like myself?,
hey guys any outdoorsy spot with wifi, power outlet for charging and a good desk on campus for some chill work time.,
Hey guys, any input on Linear Algebra with  Olivier Pauluis vs Arman Mimar? (I learned that armans LA class wasnt that good but I couldnt find any info on Olivier.) Thank you!,
How does one go about getting reimbursed from Oman insurance? Thank you,
Hey guys! Does anyone have noodles?,
Hey guys! Do you know of any Emirati lifestyle bloggers/digital influencers? Please help <3,
Required: you to attend Defend the Nest tonight. The Falcons are back and ready to put on a show for y'all. Lucky Luke Tyburski will be droppin' dimes, Paulius will be cracking ribs, and Alex Baguette will be tossing the bread around. Miha will have you screaming 'YeeeHaww!' while Karolis is making the other team look careless. Titas's shooting will have Masdar wishing they even suit up, will Tomasz and crew's attire will have them wishing they had. Astronomers were claiming last night's moon was the largest in 15 years, but they obviously haven't seen Big Muna Nwadike. Good-Guy-Gregory-Goldemberg and Laurence of Saudi Arabia will be running the break, David Kim will be dabbing over defenders, Brian will be breaking ankles, and the fancy moves of Mr. Chang will be having everyone screaming "Damn Daniel". Of course during all of this Juju Quartz will be on the beat. Women play at 7:30, men at 9:00. Be there!,
Hey Guys, does anyone have rubbing alcohol?,
Panadol?,
Hey Guys! I am doing a project which requires actors and photographers! If you feel like you wanna contribute to a student project with your acting or with your photos, please leave a comment below with your NetID, state which part you are interested in and I send you the details! No previous experience required!,
what makes you feel better when you are feeling down?,
Hey guys, I would like to hear your thoughts on the following courses (professor? amount of work? easy grade?):  1. Data by Azza Abouzied  2. The Mind by Bas Rokers 3. Gender and Globalization by Rahma Abdulkadir 4. Money and the Good Life by Alide Cagidemetro 5. Fundamentals of Acting by Catherine Coray  6. Gender and Representation by Gayatri Gopinath,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow at around 7:50-8:00am and want to share a cab? (I know it's early but my appointment is at 8:15 am),
Does anyone have lemongrass ?,
Hi, does anyone have any medicine to fix a blocked/leaky nose? Cough syrup would be a bonus. Thank you :),[
Resolved]Anyone with a long black shirt/top/T-shirt they can lend for tonight? Preferably plain, but beggars can't be choosers. Please PM me, willing to give campus dirhams in return.  TIA! :),
Hey guys, does anyone have cup noodles?,
Anyone going to the US Embassy Monday morning wants to share a cab? My appointment is at 9 am.,
Hey guys, does anyone have transparant document sleeves? (U shaped file),
Hey guys! Does anyone have a Sterile Plain Gauze Swabs??,
Anyone who considers themselves a social media guru (worked on this for an internship, in a formal setting) and wouldn't mind giving me some tips? Please and thanks :),
Last minute help, pleasee! Any thoughts on DC courses - Financial Crisis and Politics of the Near and Middle East?,
Hey guys, I lost my adidas backpack... It's black with some orange highlights. If anyone could find it please let me know!,
Hey guys, I lost my ring. It's a silver ring with a green circular jade stone. If you find it please msg me! Thank you so much!,
Anyone who has taken notes at the Procrastination workshop willing to share them with me?,
Hey guys anyone have a salvar/lehenga and a kurta i can borrow for the following weekend??,
Are NYUAD students allowed to stay in Alumni Hall during study away in NY? /Are we allowed to stay in single rooms in a suite?  (The housing portal says we must be in shared rooms but I'm not sure if that includes shared suites of singles),
Looking for at least 20 girls and 15 guys to participate in the Mannequin Challenge!! Please leave a comment below if you're interested in participating AND if you're available this Saturday from 1pm - 2pm!,
Anybody have any experiences with losing an item in a cab? Like how long did it take for you to get it back or if you did end up getting it back? I left my iPhone in a cab around 3:30 AM and couldn't call the company until now and nobody turned it in. It was last tracked at 4:00 AM at St. Regis Hotel and it's just worrisome that the cab driver didn't turn it in :(,
Hey Guys!  I have dirhams need dollars in the range of 150 anyone willing to exchange?,
Anyone have contact lenses either -3.5 or -3.75 or even -3 that I could buy off you plz,
hey alumni,  I need your help! As a senior working on my capstone, I realize how much work you put in to get a great capstone out! I also realize that there's no place for NYUAD students to showcase these amazing capstones for the next set of NYUAD students to read and enjoy!  So, I've thought of coming up with an online collection for all the capstones. I need just 3 minutes of your time to upload the capstone, and I'll take care of everything else! We've already got a few people interested, so come join the bandwagon! I hope you can help me make this a reality! Here's the link for the submission. Will literally take 3 minutes or less: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1 Thank you so much!  Sincerely yours,  PWee TLDR; Take 3 minutes to upload your capstone here to get eternal fame: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1,
Hey ya'll, what's going on with Open Mic this semester?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a graphic designer on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey, i've been wondering, I know there's a gamer SIG but how do I reach them ? Also, Anyone here play EVE ? Interested in trying it out ? Hit me up!,
Hey Econ-finance majors, how important it is to take Foundation of Financial Markets before studying abroad in NY?,
Hey! Is anyone interested in taking an advanced-level French class in Abu Dhabi next semester?,
Hey Alumn, does anyone know how to access documentation of capstone presentations/exhibitions? I know they were taking photos and such but I don't know where to find them.  Thanks!,
Hey! Who was responsible for the A5A (girls' non vis) Breast Cancer poster? BECAUSE IT IS AWESOME and we'd like to show it off at the Breast Cancer High Tea!,
Hey. Does anyone know from where can i buy a machine/gun that produces smoke rings? Alternatively,
any other machine/tool that can make smoke rings and i can buy from somewhere in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys, If anyone wants to play futsal today , we have booked a court in the gym and planning to play from 5-7 pm! Everyone is welcome to join !,
Hey! We're going to Vienna, Austria this fall break. Any recommendations on what to do/eat/see? 💃🏻,
Anyone arriving to DXB Terminal 1 around 10pm on the 24th (Monday) and wants to share a cab to the campus? Need 2 more people.,
Hey! Is there anyone willing go in my place at a personal training appointment with one of the fitness trainers, today at 12:30 until 1pm? I can't go anymore and it is too late to cancel the appointment...,
hey guys im trying to validate courses on albert nd stuff and theres this one class that wont validate because it says theres a pre-req but the course description doesnt say that there is one ????????????????,
Hey guys, I'm looking for people who have applied or are planning to apply for test prep funding. Comment or message me if you don't mind answering a couple of questions. :),
Hey, does anybody know when we get our next stipend? Thank you.,
Hey does anyone know what the schedule is for commencement week? My parents want to book their flight but don't know when to arrive.  Any grads from last year have advice?,
Hi hi is there anyone who knows how to write music + sing who's willing to spend about a day over the weekend with me and help me write a song? Some form of eatable compensation is negotiable.,
Hey. Anyone have any kind of black cardboard/ transparent plastic sheets? Needed sometime today or tomorrow.,
Any common stereotypes about Mexico that you've heard of? (Regardless of whether they're positive, negative, true, or false). Thanks!,
hey, sorry to be a bother but has anyone seen a small brown paper bag with medicine in it? i really need it.  i've already called public safety, but i thought i'd give this a shot. sorry for the stupid request, thanks,
hey can someone please tell me where I can find the current GeoBlue insurance coverage brochure?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a someone on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? The job is mainly filming a video. Probably a promotional+description video. PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey! We are selling 2 tickets 300 dirhams each to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested. :),
RESOLVED: Hey guys!  This a sexy pic of a Moldovan sweet called "Placinta". Now that I got your attention, I would like to add to Toma's post :) We still need 3 more volunteers to participate in The Migrant and Refugee Crisis in Europe Panel Discussion!  Why should you participate?  - you get to escort and meet important people (22 EU Ambassadors :O) - you get free food!!! (Catering at the end ;) ) Comment under this post or message me if you are interested!,
Hey guys does anyone have crutches that I could borrow for a day or two? Would really appreciate it, thanks!,
Hey, A5A peeps, has anyone seen the iron from the laundry room? If you have it, please have the decency to return it (:,
Hey everyone :) does anyone know any cheap/free arabic courses online? Got mango and rosetta stone on the list so far... Thx,
Hey Guys  My j-term class for 2017 is Islamic Extremism in DC but I want any of the 3 classes in London, specifically Explorable Stories. Please, if you are willing to swap contact me!  Thanks!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know where is the closest western union to campus?,
RE: Courses in DC Recommended courses to take and/or stay away from in DC? Any tips would be great!,
Hey friends! Anyone have a spare nose ring or stud that they would be willing to sell me?,[
Edit: men only!!] Hey so random request but someone from Dubai Opera reached out to me about finding extras for a prestigious French ballet company's show in two weeks' time. The deal is that you have to be shirtless on stage for part of the production, be comfortable being shirtless, and not have tattoos. It's not paid but time commitment is minimal, transportation  and food are covered, and you'll get to party + network with a bunch of influential people in the dubai and european arts scenes. Comment below if interested (or PM if ur shy) and I'll get you more info!,
Hey guys, do you have a plastic or metal box that you no longer need? I need it today as a housing for a small circuit.  Alternatively, message me if you can know how to use the laser cutter in the IdeaLab/IM lab. Thanks a lot!,
Social Chameleons anyone?,
Your advice on the following writing courses and/or professors: * "Ghastly Beauty" by Jim Savio * "Records" by Bryan Waterman * "Street food" by Deepak Unnikrishnan  * "Writers on Writing" by Ken Nielsen  * "The Memoir" by Marion Wren Priority: 1. Light workload; 2. Interesting; 3. Others,
hey guys does anyone have a bit of white vinegar that i could use,
Anyone who did a Jterm in Europe (specifically Berlin, but anywhere else too) and went to Europe earlier than Jterm start?  Thank you!! ❤️❤️❤️ #NeedAVisa,
Does anyone have any idea where I could go if I want to donate clothes?,
Anyone knows where to purchase Go board game sets (like the one in the picture) in Abu Dhabi or the UAE? Or just general board game equipment stores that we should look into? Thanks!,
Headphones found in the women's only gym,
is there anyone who's travelled during their semester abroad but funded by NYUAD? for a conference or to represent the university somewhere?  could be for debate or MUN or science or literally anything that was approved by Global Ed, and a ticket was purchased for them departing from a city other than Abu Dhabi. please help!!,[
Resolved]So, a good friend of mine, Shivani Mishra has left her phone(Samsung J7) which has her ID card and room card attached on the back. The only places she could've possibly left it at are the Convenience Store and the 5:30 shuttle to the Corniche.  Pretty pleaseeee, let us know if you find it and/or have any ideas about how to go about finding it. We've spoken to Public Safety already, so that's that. Will pay back with food/coffee/grateful hugs/freshman love.  Thank you! ❤️,[
Resolved]Does anybody happen to have the adapter for this? It's urgent, please PM me or drop a message if you have an adapter.  Thanks!,
Can anyone give me a backpack for fall break? pls thank you,
Anyone have a bike or many bikes I could borrow for the afternoon? Alternatively, has Athletics ever let anyone rent out bikes without taking that bike safety course?,
FREE transportation to Saadiyat Public Beach at 3:25 PM TODAY from the Welcome Center. RA Nicole Nichifor and myself are organizing event for our residents, but we have some 15 free spots. :),
Hey guys,  It would be great if anyone can let me borrow an XL coat/jacket (Western size) for 5 days. Will wash and iron it afterwards. Bonus an hour of non-stop singing and treats from Georgia.,
Hey beautiful people. I find myself in need of a translation of an address into Mandarin in a proper form recognizable by Chinese Taxi drivers:  (I worry google Translate would mess it up) East China Normal University 3663 Zhongshan N Rd, Putuo, Shanghai, China, 200062 Thank you.,
Hey guys, how do I go about getting 2nd floor lounge temperature changed so that I don't freeze?,
A kind soul that would lend me a women's coat/jacket for fall break (appropriate for 10-15 C weather)? Size medium should be good, black preferable but beggars can't be choosers Will repay in WHATEVER YOU WANT ❤️ bls ok thanks xxx,
Hi guys, does anyone know how to send money from our citi bank credit card to another credit card? Thank you!!,(
Sold) Hey, anyone willing to buy rmb for aed? It's good for J-term in Shanghai (Exchange rate between uae and China is shocking.. always). Max amount 2800 rmb.,
Does anyone know if I can record music on campus? If yes, where and how?,
Hey guys! I'm selling a ticket to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested.,
NEEDED black suspenders please,
Q for peeps who will be arriving to NYUAD early next semester: RAs, MARHABA peeps, some of StuGov? I am thinking about pushing for RA's UAE visa being processed before/together with incoming freshman - thus get the passports back before Al-Hijra/ Islamic New Year (travel XD) and not dealing with it in the beginning of the semester. Between the 3 groups(RA, Marhaba,
StuGov) there is a ton of us and it seems even logistically easier for immigration office to finish us separately. Anybody has experience and knows who to contact? Opinion of the people it would influence - you want this? (or is this already happening and I missed it last year?),
Anyone have $130 USD I can exchange for either dirhams or Australian dollars? Also, anyone going to the US Embassy at 2 pm some point this week or the next?,
Has anyone ever lost financial aid from here? Is that a thing that can happen?,(
resolved)Is anyone interested in having a large flat TV screen next semester? I'll be happy to lend it for free, and just ask that you take care of it and find where to store it this summer!,
Helloooo Is there anyone who applied for Sharjah Art's Vantage Point and got their photograph/s accepted? I have a couple of questions! 😁💓,
hey guys, anyone else got an email saying you submitted the spring 2018/J-term housing application late but you're sure you didn't?,
Heads up, I was moving a few shipping boxes to my room in A6A and the guard made me open every single one of them to check for alcohol. New res life policy?,
Has anyone taken either of these two classes in NYC? Trying to pick between: Introduction to Global Education International Human Rights with Prof. Monaghan,
When do summer courses officially end for this year?,
Hi! Does anyone have an ADIB account? I need to make a bank deposit asap, and I will give you the money in cash on the spot. Thanks a lot!,
Anyone have medicine for mouth sores?? I'd be infinitely grateful!,
Does anyone know what size bed sheets the NYUAD dorm beds need?,
Anyone saw this kind of pencil case? Have very important stuff inside it.,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Research Methods in Psychology? Thanks!,
so my citi bank card is being declined but I should have a bunch of money on it, what do i doooo :(,
FOMST with Peter Stamatov, Angela E Anderson, or Eric Hamilton?,
If parents divorced, are we required to fill out noncustodial profile?,
Spare and new NYUID lanyard?,
Any girls who live in A6C up at this time who can help me sign in a guest?,
Anyone with any extra plastic mesh sleeves for bottles?,
Anybody got instant noodles that they can give me now,
Anyone have a new macbook charger in C2 I could borrow for an hour?,
Anyone who has stayed in Dubai for summer internship-- tips on where to find housing?,
Anyone seen a room key for a5a 608-D?? Pls help my dumbass dropped it somewhere and I can't b bothered bc the semester is almost over,(
Resolved) Anyone else experiencing problems with the CSS Profile Fee Waiver Code that was provided to us? It keeps saying the code is invalid for the selected program (New York University) zz,
PSA if you're in a public space and you speak obnoxiously loud it is obvious when you want other people to overhear your conversation and think you are edgy or interesting. Also "OMG I bet you think we are so weird" is not a conversation I want to engage in.  Talk at a normal level.  No one wants to hear about Fatima #3's cousin's sister's uncle's wife.,
Anybody else having issues with NYU Classes?,
US embassy on May 7 at 9:30am?,[
Urgent] does anyone know the initial code of our storage units?,
Does someone have vanilla extract and baking soda? Pleaaaaseee,
Anyone applied for F1 visa in a third country that is not your home country or the UAE?,
Is anybody in need of / willing to attend a CDC internship session if one were to be held this week before the internship secondary funding deadline on May 3? (These sessions are mandatory for all and to be considered for internship funding),[
URGENT] Does anyone have a melodica i can borrow for a few hours?,
Anyone going to the US embassy/general area tomorrow at around 8:30 am??,
Pigeon inside my room what to do pls,
Is anyone else having trouble logging into newclasses?,
LaTex people: Is there any way to convert a PDF back to a tex file?,
For those that received funding for the summer: The internship funds will be reflected in your bank account by the end of today. Real AD and Research funding will be reflected in your bank account on Sunday.,
Is NYU Classes down?,
How do I select the College/Program in the CSS application. I can't seem to find the code that applies for us anywhere in my emails. Anyone know what it is?,
programme head of political science?,
A spare copy of Middlesex - Jeffrey Eugenides someone can give away, or a pdf file?,(
RESOLVED) Has anyone seen these Headphones around A6? 😭 please help. I need them to survive finals,
Has anyone seen my id pls,
Anyone from NYUSH or who has studied there who I could talk to?,(
Urgent) Does anyone have a recording device I could borrow for tomorrow? Thank you!,
Whereabouts of Anita Shishani?,
Who do I contact if I have questions regarding insurance and visa?,
Any stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dyingAny stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dying,(
resolved) hey guys, is there anyone who interned at hedayah that i can talk to?,
Researchers/professors who have done research on the relationships and/or power dynamics between emiratis and expats.Research on demographics,
urban development  and cultural appropriation of spaces in the UAE is also helpful!,
Does anyone have a mountain bike to borrow today? Asking for an amigo.,
US Embassy on Thursday morning???,
Anyone heading to the Yas area 2:30ish?,
hiiii! is there anyone who’s double majoring in psychology and srpp?,
Does anyone know who I can contact in the CDC for a *sort of* no objection letter?  It's not for the UAE Labor Ministry, and I need it in a v particular format (and it's a part of the internship pre-application) so the opportunities survey isn't useful :((,
Hi, I lost my earphones (similar to the one in the image). Has anyone seen them around? Thank you in advance,
Sunglasses found in the nomad pad in the arts center,
Anyone willing to take WO fitness level 2 at 7 am on Mondays and Wednesday next semester? (You dont necessarily need to take the level 1 class to join) Edit: writing this on behalf of a friend.. not staying here next semester lol peace out,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday, May 8th at 7:15 am and wants to share a cab.,
Comment with your Net ID if you are a Sophomore who is looking to do a finance internship in New York for your Junior Summer. The application process for most of the big banks is already underway, so I’m keen to write up some tips for those interested.,
where can we find the final exam schedule?,
Who should I contact if my locker code is not working? Also, how much is the fine to replace the code?,
Has anyone ever tried to 'manage their booking' on the Etihad website? I can check my itinerary alright, but when I try to access the option of modifying my booking (ie changing dates), it gives me this page. Does Nirvana block this option for us on Etihad? :(,
Does anyone have an American Express card? I have a favour and will pay,
Ya helweeen, anyone has a mop in A6B?❤️,
Who do i contact if there is an issue with my dining dirhams balance?,
Music Tech Fundamentals, prof's email please?,
Song recommendations for a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life?,
Who’s in charge for airport-campus buses? Alternatively, will there be any buses from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses?,
Has anyone interned with Knight Frank in Dubai?,
Econ Seniors: How is Pablo Hernandez-Lagos as a capstone advisor? His field of study is related to what I want to do, however if he's not a good advisor I'd rather go for someone else.,
What is the best way to get from Abu Dhabi Airport to Dubai, excluding the taxi option?,
Someone that has a non-custodial parent and filled out the CSS non-custodial parent profile? I'm confused and frustrated, please help!,
has anybody been able to fill out the non custodial css profile? It asks me to send them my non custodial parent's email address so they can send them the application but he hasn't received any emails,
Hey everyone (especially seniors), what are the reasons for which Global Ed will let you change your flight tickets? Is there a page or something that delineates it?,
US Embassy on 7th May? (My appointment is at 8:45),
Anyone who's in A5 and is good with STATA ?,
Anyone who can help integrate our python chatbot/app to our website?,
Anyone going to the US embassy on this Thursday at 7:45 am?,
Does anybody have elastic wrap or a wrist support that I might be able to have/borrow for a while? Nothing that immobilizes the wrist completely.,
Hi! Anyone going to the U.S. Embassy for visa appointment on Tuesday May 1 early morning (7:30 AM)? Thanks!,[
Resolved] anyone who has previously done statistics and is willing to share their written report? we want to check the format of it! Thank youuu,
Does anyone have a commencement ticket for me, please?,
Gardens Speak ticket 9:30 tonight available! Message me and I will forward it to you,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday morning? Around 7:15 am,
Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?,
Posting this on here bc apparently this sent to people who are not even my friends: if you got a weird link from me DO NOT click on it. How I got hacked is beyond me though, since i  didnt even use fb in ages ;-;,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow morning? Around 8:30,
anyone going to the US embassy/the area on Wednesday ~745am?,
What's the last day for Spring 2018 housing?,
Anyone seen a Black rectangular cas that has a small flap with Ikea written on it; contains my glasses :'( pls,
Has anyone seen a pink-ish cardigan from American Eagle around library/dining hall area? 😭,(
urgent) where is the best place to print photos for personal purposes? alternatively, is there any way to get the same effect with the ricoh printers around campus?,[
Urgent] Any female violinists willing to play for a wedding on Friday evening?,<
RESOLVED> Anybody have a copy of Deepak's Temporary People that I could borrow for a week?,[
Resolved] Any French speakers willing to help me translate something for a class? It won’t take more than 10 minutes. Thank you! Will repay in chocolates,
A6B people: pick up your clothes in the laundry room! Wet clothes are rotting in the baskets and it smells reeaally bad :(,
Any film major or good video creator wants to pioneer making a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life? All assets are already available.,
For the CSS/Financial Aid, "Country where the student lives" should be the UAE or my home country? What about permanent address?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have a copy of Introduction to Quantum Mechanics by A.C. Phillips that they would be willing to lend me for the next 2 weeks? Please? Help a girl understand whether the cat is dead, alive, or if Schrödinger was just making fun of everything! Also I want to pass FoS. Will repay with top notch puns and baked goods.,
A phone I can make intl calls with? please help me get my CSS account info back before the deadlineeee 😭😭😭,
Found this usb drive in 436, it’s with library front desk now,
Does anyone have an old mac charger they can lend for a few days or are selling? OR electric tape?,
Is there any way to borrow a laptop for an extended period? Like, til the end of the semester?  My laptop is about to die. :'(,
People who opened ADCB account last week: did you receive a text message from them? What do we do after the text?,
extra gardens speak ticket?,[
resolved] Does anybody have the iPhone sim opening pointy thingy ? (Pref in A2) Thanks !,
Anyone with a spare copy of George Orwell's A Collection of Essays and/or Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer they don't mind giving away? Asking for a friend  [Taken] Also, I have a bottle of conditioner which was barely used and around 150g of Twinings loose green tea up for grabs,
Does Al Liwan still have these (or similar) as placemats? Can someone take one and scan one/take a photo of one for me? I will appreciate u/pay u,
Hi, anyone want karak?,
Andrei Stoica Osama Mahmood Ali Nosherwan Hamed or any math major who is very familiar with k moments of the Gaussian Distribution, plzz I need your help!,
last post about Gardens Speak, sorry. If anyone has an extra ticket, please let me know.,
The contact number for room cleaning services?,
Hi Everyone! Today will be the last practice for this semester. and your last chance to try your hand at archery so head down to the outdoor basketball court at 5pm today if interested,
Guys can you tell me the different times Gardens Speak is happening today please?,
Can you please comment below if you're going to the URC Finals on April 30th at Abu Dhabi University? I'm thinking of getting the school to arrange a shuttle to take us there.,
hi oreos for a friend,
Hi sorry me again: anyone currently in the arts center that can do me a quick favor please please? 🙏🏼,
Will anyone be in Seville over the summer?,
Does anyone know professors who’re working/researching on Women Studies/Empowerment/Education... basically anything related to women?,
Prof. Bush is selling 2 tickets for dxbeats at Dubai Opera tonight - 200 aed instead of 275. Line-up: Yasmin Hamdan, Sharmoofers, The Wanton Bishops (and more I think)!,
People in floor 6 A5b. Please stop playing guitar/music. Trying to sleep here.,
What's the cheapest way of getting from Dubai airport to Abu Dhabi (tentative cost plsss) x,
Does anyone have ice cream they would like to donate to my friend who is having an extreme ice cream cravings? Thank you.,[
NVM lol] American students: How do i know if i need to submit the FAFSA with the CSS profile? An old post said not unless ur getting aid from FAFSA but how do I know where my aid is coming from?,
Lemons (1-2)? Asking for a sick friend,[
Urgent] anyone with an extra ticket for Gardens speak in English anytime tomorrow?,
Has anyone seen an Acer charger like this lying around somewhere? Alternatively, can I borrow someone's charger please. Thanks a ton.,
Anyone in the IM lab now?,
Anyone wants 100 USD in exchange for AED?,
Anyone with experience cashing a check from a US bank here in AD? What is the process like? Thank you :),
has anyone got an extra gardens speak ticket?,
Anybody did MVC with Paparella and has pretty notes that I could borrow for a few days?,[
Urgent] Anyone willing to give away their Gardens Speak ticket for the 8:30 or 9:30 show today?,
Does anyone know when should we expect to receive our pay for March if you have an assistantship on campus?,
What's the exact type of card that we get from ADCB? I'm particularly interested in international transaction fees.,
Folks taking Comparative Legal Systems in the Fall?,
Any jewellery shops in AD with good prices?,
does anyone have a betta fish and want some food for it,
Anyone has panadol cold and flu?,
Does anyone have whole black pepper that I can borrow? :) preferably A5? thank you so much in advance!,(
Resolved) Any french speakers in the library right now who could help me read a website?,
Hello :) I need help of 15 emirati students to try sample of three different face masks from Korea (for free!) My friend is developing high quality face masks and wants review of locals here - pm me if you could try them and share us some opinion (i assure they are pretty good),
Does anyone have/know someone on campus who has a Twillio account?,
Anyone that I could talk to regarding the IRB? Thankss!,[
URGENT] For the parents income and benefits details section, there's a part where they ask for : "Money given to the student's parents or paid on their behalf". Do I include the scholarship  NYUAD has given me in that section or no?,
Does anyone in A2 have a drying rack I could borrow for today?,
When/where is the Hackathon taking place?,
Non-US citizens: Will NYU ask us to submit supporting documents to the values we input on our CSS profile?,(
URGENT) Hi all! I need someone today from 4pm to 8pm to help me in being on one of the cameras for shooting my movie on campus.,
Looking for recommendations~~ Best islands in South East Asia in your opinion? Or any islands in South East Asia that is amazing for family travel?  great food, great beaches and beautiful accommodations with good prices?... Any recommendations super appreciated! thanks! See More,
There is chocolate cake available at the Baraha, please feel free to take a slice. The cake is from Shakespeare Cafe.,
Is it possible to request the ADNH/D2 to start serving smaller sized pizzas (perhaps 7 inches instead of the regular 12 inches). It might help with the food waste, I believe.,
Thoughts about "Probability & Statistics" with Federico Camia? Thanks.,
Is there anyone giving away Campbell biology book? I would love to have a copy. Thanks!,
Does anyone know where Neel Vohra is?,
Don’t know if this is the right forum. Don’t know where else to post.  I’ll be in London tomorrow with some time to kill. hmu if you’re in the city and want to chill. Could do with some NYUad love. PM me :),[
RESOLVED] People who had to receive a new CitiBank card while in Europe (Paris) - how long did it take for it to arrive and did you have to pay anything?,
Will there be buses running from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses? If yes, what dates?,
When does Studio XY close?,
If anyone is at WTC rn and needs an extra avengers ticket, text me 0503382905,[
Both gone] Giving away 1 last-minute Avengers ticket and 1 English Gardens Speak ticket for tomorrow 11AM. Listen to stories that must be heard.,
Is there anyone I could borrow cuff links from until Monday?,
Spare Avengers ticket for tonight?,
Anyone with an extra ticket for Avengers tonight?,
Does anyone have a large world map that I could borrow for a day?,
Looking for Android/Web front end developers who would like the fame and glory of winning Hackathon. COME JOIN US THIS WEEKEND AND WORK WITH MENTORS FROM KICK ASS COMPANIES LIKE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK,
People taking Quantum Mechanics! Do you mind switching the time to Mon/Wed 11:50-1:05?,
extra avenger ticket?,
Anyone who has front-end skills who would like to join our team in the hackathon?,
Hey everybody, it's your least favorite study away:  I left my clubmasters in A6 room 001 yesterday.  I feel half-human without her.  I've tried lost and found and nobody has turned these in.  So if somebody finds them, could you please turn them in? Help reunite a man with his love, pls and thank you <3,
I am looking for a burgee (small flag) of NYUAD. We got something like this I think with acceptance letter 3 years ago, but I am looking for one more - does anyone know where I can buy/get one?,
Greetings everyone! Witness the greatest rivalry on campus, seniors vs underclassmen. Will the seniors graduate with glory, or is it the underclassmen that'll be left with a tale for their children? Come, find out who gains victory in the last cricket match of the year. Saturday, 28th April at 1 pm Performance Gymnasium... P.S. your appetite will be taken care of with boti street, pizza hut and krispy kreme See More,
Anybody with experience of getting proof of address for living on campus at NYUAD?,
Anyone got tickets for avengers they are not using ?,
gone!!  Anyone want 2 tickets to the 4pm (English) show of Gardens Speak today?,
Are there specific computers on campus that have photoshop installed or do all of them have it?,
Feminist books/ essays recommendations pls?,
Anyone with 2 spare tickets to Avengers tonight?,
Extra ticket to avengers? Asking for a friend.,
Vitamin/immunity tablets that dissolve in water, please?,[
RESOLVED]Hey guys! Is there anyone in Washington or NYC now who will be in Abu Dhabi for the Summer and could help me carry a box of clothes to AD? I'm trying to order something from an online store but they will only ship to the US. The total weight of the package would be around 1.5kg and I'm happy to pay for the inconvenience. Thanks!,
Does anybody have 2 tickets for Avengers they could give away pretty please?,[
sold out] Anyone who wants the ticket for today’s boat party? I have two tickets and would like to sell them. :),
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport late evening this Friday 26 April ?,
Regarding UAE visa: If your visa expired, so you're given a new entry permit, and you are coming to Dubai for a summer internship, does the school ask you to book your tickets to Abu Dhabi instead?  In the e-mails we get from Global Ed regarding traveling, the Office asks students who book their own tickets to book them to Abu Dhabi, not Dubai.  Has anyone been in a situation like this that I can talk to?,
Hi, bonitos. Does anybody have an Ice pack?,
Interested in research on education? 📚So were these seniors. 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓Come join ElevatED this Sunday, 29th @6PM in E-231 to hear about their capstones! Sushi and brownies will be served.,
Does anybody have a spare ticket for tomorrow’s Avengers?,
If I have a UK student visit visa (the kind they give you for J-term) that is multiple entry and still valid, can I enter the country without the letter from the school stating what I'll be doing there?,
Hi, does anyone know how to get an official bank statement for our Citibank cards?,
CSS Profile: What are we supposed to fill in regarding this question - "Will the student receive tuition benefits during any year of attendance?" there is another question for scholarships, so I am a bit confused,
Need a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rentNeed a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rent,
Physical location of undergraduate research funding office?,
has anyone seen a pair of black wayfarer ray ban sunglasses around?,[
RESOLVED --> C2 front desk ] I forgot it was Thursday and left all my stuff in the library lol what do they usually do with our stuff?,
What is the overnight guest policy for after May 20?,
Any recommendations for good places to stay in Paris just for a week?,
How do I update my time preferences to Asia/Dubai (GMT +04:00) ...don't seem to see the option. :( Thank you!,
Whoever left an empty gift box on my car is like super mean, not just because ur littering but because u made me thiNK THAT IM LOVED and that maybe someone got me a lil something whICH COULDVE BEEN CUTe but like no;. 0/10 prank :(,
Help! Does Global Ed keep copies of our previous I-20 forms? Thank you!,
How long does IRB approval take? Thank You ❤,
asking for a male friend - a nice and reasonably priced place to get a haircut in RAK?,
People working for Admissions Office - does anyone know who is the head of recruiting for the position of admissions ambassador? Shukran in advance : ),
Does anyone have a usb-c charger/cord I could borrow for the weekend? Ill be off campus so I cant use the one from the library.,
Anybody has some salt? Need some ASAP 🙏🏽,
Does anyone have a couple of cups of planting soil I could have?,
Anybody who couldn’t get into intro to accounting want to petition for another session to be opened Fall 1? 😀,
Any possibility of finding a 2 credit math class from the math major, not the engineering ones? I need one for my major requirements.,
Hii if you think you dropped some money in the A5C laundry room earlier today, pm me the correct amount and I'll return it,
Cupcake/muffin liners anyone?,
Which restaurants do you guys usually order from for a weeknight dinner delivery to campus? Any recs? (other than KFC) :),
Hi friends! I'm looking for scholars/researchers/experts who study reward-based/incentive systems for teenagers in sports/recreational activities. Does anyone have any pointers of where to start looking? A couple of names would be hugely helpful.,[
Solved] Anyone currently in the library can do me a small favor? PM me.,
Does anyone know the title of the series of photos that are in the very last room in Louvre? They depict the guy whose face gradually gets covered with the hieroglyphs.,
Anyone has a winter jacket I can borrow? (<15 C degree kind of weather).,
Urgent - does anyone know how to fill the non-custodial profile on the new CSS Profile? help bls,
a medium sized cooking pot I could borrow for tonight?,
Want to see what a typical NYUAD essay looks like? Help me build an AI to write one!!  My final project for the Art Intel class is teaching an AI to write in the style of NYUAD students, but I need some data to finish (I won't sell it and get a fascist government elected in the most powerful country with the data, I promise). All I need is your most BS essays so that the AI learns to write in that style. You can submit here literally anything with or without your name. https:...//goo.gl/forms/6SSP8aBVmQTLLJV23 Please help me with this experiment! I hope to make funny sentences like DeepDrump below, and submit it to the Gazelle. Thanks a bunch! https://twitter.com/deepdrumpf See More,
Trying to purchase a ticket for 600 AED but my card's being weird. Is there anybody who can help me pay using their card and I'll give you cash on the spot?,
Hi, probably not the most appropriate forum but I thought some might benefit from this:  If anyone is looking for summer housing in NY, a friend of mine is subletting her room in Brooklyn nearby Prospect Park (wow, what a wonderful location!) from June-Sept.  Pm if interested.,
Has anyone been paid for March student assistantship?,[
RESOLVED]Does someone know where Vic Lindsay's Office is?,
Gauging interest for an Ultimate Frisbee SIG. May possibly invite a coach to come in and teach competitive ultimate frisbee play. Any skill level is welcome! Comment below your netID if you are interested! Comment with your skill level if you are very very very interested!,
Attitude is wrapping up this season of dance classes on May 4th, with the Spring Recital: Regenesis ✨  This semester we will perform 2 shows, one starting at 7 pm and the second one at 9 pm, in the Black Box of the Arts Center.  Tickets are limited so book yours now!,
Does anyone have a jewelry holder that I could borrow for tomorrow's flea market? :) Thank you!,
Update: I need one again please help 😢  Anyone got a flower vase I can borrow for a couple of days? Will return before the weekend,
Hello! We need photographers for Latino Night happening TONIGHT from 6-9ish pm. please comment if you can help out! We'd be so grateful.,
anyone else having problems with nyu email? im not getting emails i should be getting,
Anyone has action figures or dolls I can borrow for a stopmotion short project?,
When is the study away form live?,
One ticket for commencement? Thank you! <3,
Can anyone recommend the cheapest way to crash in London for a month for 2 people?,
If I ask Student Life to provide a shuttle to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair, would you sign up?,
Does someone have a mosquito racquet or some good ol' Raid I could please borrow? Help me take back my territory.,
Required: people whose mother tongue is French! Participate in this study and earn some money 😊 send an e-mail if you’re interested,
Seniors on Guest Travel Assistance: did the school send your visa to any of your parents yet?,
Anyone could tell me who the head of economics department is? 😅,
can anyone lend me/is there anywhere I can find black spray paint on campus?,
Any Omani's on campus? Or people who lived in Oman? Would like to ask a question or two about the music scene in Oman 🇴🇲,
Anyone who have taken Music Technology Fundamentals and have spare time to talk,
Any people waitlisted for Intro to Accounting? Looking to email for a new section to be opened, please comment Net ID’s,
Can I get things laminated at the library?,
Besides the CSS do we have to send any other documents by email?,
Also somebody left their room card at the CDC. Come pick if up at reception desk.,
This calculator was lying outside the library (on the round tables in front of red sofas). It's with public safety - ground floor of campus center,
Anyone in A6B have paracetamol?,
People taking Intro to Game Theory next semester, would you be interested in changing the class to 10:15am or 11:50am?,
Anyone have any CRC or equivalent products?,
For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?,
On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens)On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens),
best online free plagiarism checker?,
are your chances of getting summer housing significantly lower if you applied after Feb 28👀👀 ((asking for a friend obv)),
Anyone enrolled in MENASA section 001 for the fall 2018 and want to switch to section 002?,[
Etihad Flight Pricing] Hi, does anyone know anything about (etihad specifically?) flight pricing? Flights from tomorrow to two weeks out are 66% the price of flights outside that time window. When an Etihad flight is less than two weeks away, do they drop the price? Or is this maybe just reflecting general travel trends (ie lots of students flying home to the Middle East after May 10)? I'm trying to buy a flight on or around May 20, and trying to decide whether to buy now or wait.,
How is Kevin Coffey in terms of participation grading? I'm in a class with him this semester and fearing for my final grade.,
anyone good at data analysis and free tmrw? between 4ish and 5ish tia!,
Hi people! Someone forgot their headphones in the Ahlan Ramadan event in the Arts Center. We placed it on the table @ baraha,
Hey everyone! Is there someone who has the syllabus to the U.S.A & UAE comparative legal systems class (Doesn't matter if it is an older version)?,
I refuse to believe that someone stole the mouse from the computer in A6C. If you took it as a prank please return it ASAP and do not inconvenience others. Public safety will be asked to check the cameras.,
Is there any senior guy living in A5B who can check in a guest around May 13th?,
Anyone who rented a long-term apartment (over 6 months) in AD?,
Has anyone applied for a US visa (preferably F1) in London? How long did the process take? TIA.,
Can someone who is currently taking FOS 5 and 6 send me the syllabus?,
Courses/Study Aways besides the 12 general paths? Like the Cuba Film Study away? Anything and everything you think might be interesting in this direction please! :),
Does anyone have a can of condensed milk they are willing to part with?,
Hey, guys! I need the help of someone, who can operate a ZOOM recorder and who is willing to help me on a shoot tomorrow on campus from 4 to about 6.30. Pm me if you can lend a hand. Thanks!,
Luggage scale anyone, please?,
Yas Waterworld ticket prices and do they offer student discounts?,
Location of the office in charge of commencement stuff?,
For a personal art project (directed at anyone who identifies as Asian in some way or another): What is your favourite memory of your parents showing love to you? Especially if it is different from parental love in European/ American culture (hugs, verbal confirmation etc),
Anyone else having wifi issues these past two days?,
Who's taking shaami in the fall? Could you comment your netIDs?,
Underclassmen econ majors who are interested in education?,
Does anyone have a skirt that looks like this in colors black/red that I could borrow tomorrow? Thank youuuu,
Recommendations for massage places in this city?   What's a good price for a 1-2 hour long massage? Anyone done it at Studio XY (which charges 275 dirhams)?,
Do we still have access to NYU Classes after graduation?,
anyone have any experience with petitioning for a different site for study away that doesn’t mind helping out a confused freshman?,
On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?,[
resolved] Does anyone have some honey they want to get rid of?,
Is anyone thinking of doing something cute for Vic?,
MY EMIRATE FRIENDS PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS OPPORTUNITY!,
Was it just me or did anyone else receive an email saying that their summer housing has been cancelled? I remember filling the application, but ResEd never followed up with me :/,
NBAD or ADCB?,
Question for students who make art (photography, paintings only) : what's the average number of artwork you produce per month?,
Farhana Goha’s office location?,
Anyone with the experience of using baggage storage at AUH?,
Print on-the-go anywhere and anytime from your mobile device. Click here to begin: https://goo.gl/forms/485OxQ6bHx4E5Vc72,
Anyone who switched to CS in their sophomore year I can talk to? Preferably with little to no previous experience in CS.,
On Albert, I chose a recitation time out of two options, but I want to switch to the other option. Albert doesnt let me drop the recitation, what can I do?,
Anyone missing these notes? Not sure how this got to me,
are we getting another stipend before summer?,
random question but is our official name "New York University Abu Dhabi" or "New York University in Abu Dhabi" because i keep seeing both,
Hi hi, are there any native French speakers here who can help me proofread about 5-6 pages before this Sunday? Much thanks. :),
Where do I find the proof of enrollment letter on the new Albert?,
Does anyone (preferably in A2) have an ice pack I can borrow for tonight? Appreciate it.,
Anyone has a house party lights I can borrow for a film project? Need the lights from 10 - 1pm on Thursday. Your name will be included in the end credits :),
Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq‘s phone number? We need him in a meeting.,
Is it true that if you are doing a math minor and you placed into MVC, you would have to replace the Calculus requirement with another math class instead of only having to take 3 classes?,
hoomans,  SJP will be hosting an event from 7.30 to 9 tonight and is in the urgent need of a photographer to document the event.  if you are willing to help, please reach out to us!... you will be rewarded with loads of love and maneesh :) See More,
Looking for professors/researchers who are knowledgeable about hyperspectral imaging, satellites, and/or sensors used in oceanography. I've already talked to Phillip Panicker, Ian Dobbs-Dixon, and John Burt. Anyone else to reach out to would be much appreciated :),[
RESOLVED] Anyone with one night's worth of contact solution?,
People who have had their high school diplomas accredited while not at home: is it possible to have it approved by the UAE embassy in your country through power of attorney, and if so, does the attorney have to be from your country or from the UAE? Alternatively, were you able to just get it approved by the embassy of your country in the UAE?,
alumni: has anyone here been asked for an accredited university diploma for anything other than a job in the UAE/grad school in Europe?,
is anybody going to spinneys tomorrow? i just want a tiny favor :(,
is it true that our capstones are submitted to turnitin???? asking for a friend,
Hello!! Alum in need of some help understanding lyrics to a song performed by Umm Kulthumm about the Aswan Dam: حقق المعجزات عزم جمــــــال فاحمدوا الله ان حباكم جمـــــالا هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سالا تبرا وذلك فاض نضــــالا... حين ألوى بعهده مقرض المال وحاد الصديـق عنـا ومــــالا واستدار التاريخ ينظـــر هــل يستسلم الليث أم يصول وصالا I would be super grateful if someone could tell me the general gist of these lines/correct my own understanding of them!! See MoreSee Translation,
Anyone seen a notebook with a drawing of a girl holding a lantern on the cover? Its missing and has all my class notes!,
Link for the dope underclassmen #interclassico video? I've heard it's lit af,
Has anyone managed to Pass/Fail a class after the deadline while in NY?,
does anybody have a bike that i can borrow for like 30 minutes <3,
Somebody left those on the couch in the CDC.,
Can I change the point of exit for my flight if I'm coming to Abu Dhabi from elsewhere after summer break?,
Anybody have a large transparent bowl that I can borrow for tomorrow night? Preferably Plastic :),
My Mac is going nuts (touch bar with volume and brightness options has disappeared, it restarts at random times and reports "Your Mac has restarted because of a problem"). Has anyone encountered such an issue before or does anyone know how to fix it?,
Any professors specialising in cybersecurity/ tech in China?,
Can women get haircuts at the men's studio y salon? Given that I'm getting a fairly gender neutral style it would be nice to save that 130aed...,
are there still shuttles to the Louvre?,
Anyone taking FOS 1 and 2 next semester? I have questions,[
Resolved] Can people leave their guitars anywhere on campus over summer? Alternatively any kind Emirati who would like to adopt a fender for 3 months?,
if i request an overload for a class, get it, then switch to another one, do i have to fill the form again?,
Hi, I can't seem to find my sunglasses, blue Ray Bans with alcantara covering, anywhere. Please let me know if you've seen them around. (Can bring you a sweet of choice from NY),
Has anyone recently (last two weeks) applied for an Omani visa and is familiar with details regarding the E-visa? Keen to find out if the student visa presents any problems. Any help is appreciated!,
Ibuprofen please? Preferably in A2.,
Anyone going to Dubai/DXB tomorrow afternoon around 5pm?,(
RESOLVED) Need $800, anyone wants to exchange for AEDs?,
Has anybody taken Economic History of the Middle East (Bob Allen) in previous semesters?,
Pm if interested in being the photographer for a student organized event - tonight 7:30-9:00PM,
Anyone going towards Musaffah / Zayed Sports City area around 8 tomorrow morning??,
Anyone know who's in charge of Advancement Opportunities applications? Thanks!,
URGENT - does anyone have green yarn I can borrow? (for capstone),
Are there gonna be shuttles to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair? It's only fair...,
Where do we find the Non-Custodial Profile? Or does our n-c parent get it via email once we submit the CSS profile?,
Anyone who's going to NYU Grad starting Fall 2018? PM me pls,
I need $50, does anyone want to exchange for dirhams? 😊,
Thoughts on Multi Ethnic Democracy and the professor? Gimme deets on the workload, grading and everything in general,
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport tomorrow at around 11 am?,
SECOND LANGUAGE CURRENT OR EX-LEARNERS: (or if you're on your 8th one) I have exactly 5.1 questions for you! Tessa Thornton and I will love you forever if you can fill this survey out. Plsplspls help (refer to link below) https://nyu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0oBzGiw9HV4L5vD,
sweater in E047,
did anyone have experience fixing a water damaged macbook here in AD? asking for a friend,
Anyone who experienced Ramadan on campus and interested in being featured in a video for the Dean’s office?,
I was lucky enough to get a few extra things with my laundry last night from A6B laundry room. Think it's because someone had put our clothes on top of each other on the bench when they took our things out of a machine, and I guess I was too bad at separating them! Sorry for that! But send me a message if you're missing these.,
is there anyone who has studied away in Madrid or is planning to study away in Madrid, that I could have a talk with?,
anyone ever asked for a letter of rec from prof shamoon zamir? does he write it, or have you write it yourself and send it back to him?  i'm an infant and trying to avoid the turmoil of coming up with positive things to say about myself  :(,
Anyone around the library with a Mac charger?,[
Resolved] Exchanging up to USD 200 for AED. Save me a trip to the mall, please!,
Long shot but are there any kathak dancers on campus this semester?,
Hey!! Is there anyone who took a leave of absence (esp in the middle of a semester) and can answer a couple of questions?? Thanks in advance!!,
Is anyone looking for this? Its's been in a classroom for a few weeks.,
Anybody who has had a guest stay over at Palladium for over 6 days?,
Is the Second Chance Store happening this semester?,
Anyone who was accepted to Yale-NUS and ended up going to NYUAD? PM me.,
Galito's in the baraha!!,
People who applied for an earlier graduation certification for work visa purpose that can share some insights about the process?,
Is there anywhere I can find a protractor on campus?,(
URGENT) does anyone have the book "Shirbrig and the Project of a United Nations Army" by Joachim Koops and Christof Tatschl?,
Something for fever? Ibuprofen?,
Summer Housing: has anyone gotten a confirmation from Res Ed about rooms for the summer (esp. PTPP seniors) or knows when they will be sending them out??,
Ernesto Reuben's office hours? Also, is he teaching any classes this semester?,
There's a series of videos titled "Shit Freshmen/Sophomores/Juniors say" that were posted to NYUAD Student Life back in the day (~2013/14) None of the alumni can access them, but if anyone could download them and send me a copy I would be eternally grateful.,
Any recommendations for portfolio website builders? to be used in long term, and free if possible.. thanks!,
Urgent: does anyone have a TI-nspire cx cas that I can borrow for tomorrow ? Specifically that model please please please!,
Anyone on campus from/has lived in:  Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Dijbouti, Kuwait, Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Tunisia, Yemen, Oman, Iraq?  Please pm me,
Anyone knows where I can get an NYUAD back drop for the capstone film screenings that are happening from the 22nd till the 27th at 8Pm and 28th at 4pm?  I will need to keep the backdrop throughout these days so we can take fire pictures of guests and filmmakers. Please let me know.❤️❤️❤️,
Go Green! and run today with On Your Feet at 6:00 pm Welcome Center. Also, fitness center treadmills will be off, so go out and enjoy the weather! #muchgreen #wow #sofast,
Does anyone know if the insurance we have has a limit on how much we can spend? Or does it cover everything regardless of the amount?,
Best ophthalmologists in AD, covered by insurance?,
Wax paper please?,
In need of as many thermo cans/flasks as possible. Anyone please?,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Selling Apple accessories: 1 USB-C MBP charger + cable (13 inch, brand new, 85% retail price) 1 USC-C cable (used 3 months, 65% retail price)... 1 MBP case (13 inch, Incase, black, used for 5 months, 50% retail price) See More,
Hello friends v random question idek but does anyone have any experience with doing freelance work; mainly illustration/design but any advice would be greatly appreciated. Pls help me give my life a purpose bc it's falling apart thx <3,
Film graduates please send us your defense papers and save us from a group breakdown. Thank you. ❤️,
Is the summer housing portal still down for everyone?,
Someone left their wet clothes in two dryers in A6C (or maybe you tried to use them overnight and somehow the power cut?) I'm guessing at this point you're going to want to rewash them... :(,
A question for those who took courses at Stern a few years ago. Do you know how long we will be having access to class video recordings on NYUClasses? Will our access expire after we go back to Abu Dhabi, after we graduate or it will never expire?,
Has anyone taken a class with Jason Greenberg in Stern before?,
How is the core Religion and Philosophy with Kalle Taneli in terms of workload? It'll also be nice if I can get reviews about the professor/course.,
Does anyone know where I can find lots of ruled sheets on campus? Alternatively does someone have a bunch of ruled sheets I can use (preferably of a large size)?,[
Resolved] Does the CSS profile now have a different format or am i filling out the wrong thing? 😅,
Hey guys! Looking for people who will be around in AD (and FREE) from 7-14 May and potentially want to go on an Oman road trip. PM me if interested!,
Anyone who has worked with Unity and can help me for a bit? I promise its short. TIA,
guys i really need this sticker before i graduate - does anyone know how i can get it? gotta have the reason why i’m not in debt in a month glistening on my laptop!!,
Hey guys, what's the room with all the condoms at the health and wellness?,
Hi! I am currently enrolled in FFM but I want to swap my recitation timing from the 10:25-11:40 section to the 11:50-13:05 section. Anybody willing to swap?? Alternatively, does it matter if I go to the latter section even if I am not enrolled in it?!? TIA,
Will we have summer courses in the future ?Will we have summer courses in the future ?,
Anyone has a sewing kit to lend? Thanks!!,
A copy of Crazy Rich Asians I could borrow ? Pls and thanks 😁,
Hey guys!  I am looking for someone who is fluent in Arabic internet slang and someone who is fluent in Brazilian-Portuguese internet slang. If you speak/text both, even better!  Thank you!,
Online Escape the Room recommendations?,
Found someone’s SIM card in the library. Left it on the table on the left by the first printer.,
Hi ! Does anyone know where Naima Hafeez's office is located? Thanks in advance.,
how competitive is it to receive a second internship summer funding in the UAE? in other words should I save my internship funding for the summer of sophomore year?,
anyone who was enrolled in legal systems and method last fall?,
Anyone ever had their NYU ID cease to work twice in one week? I think my stopped working last night and I just got a new one on Thursday...,
How intense is the workload for Sensors, Body and Motion?,
Hello Everyone!! Just a short survey and I will be very happy if you take few seconds (like literally) to vote where you belong in this survey! The result will be used in my essay for my FYWS final Essay. Thank you for your participation! ,
Reviews for EgyptAir?,
Anybody knows the email of Audrey from GlobalEd?,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda can help me pick up a phone? Thanks!,
Any people interested in Introduction to Accounting (7-Week) at a different time (e.g. 10:25...) and/or in Fall 2?,
Is anyone here into emo / math rock / revival? Looking for friends to get my sad jams on with for the end of the year,
Reviews for Jetstar Airlines? pretty please,
Working hours of the nirvana office?,
Did someone take my ballot? I haven't cast a vote yet and I get this! Please help me exercise my political right!,[
RESOLVED] My NYU ID works fine but is very very worn down at this point - I can’t read any of the emergency/security/health and wellness numbers and the barcode is almost entirely gone. Will public safety give me a free replacement or would I have to pay 100 dirhams to get a new one?,
Any thoughts on the course Social Networks with prof. Blaine Robbins?,
If the Student Portal 'courses' list shows a class for fall semester (CCEA - Abstraction Prof. Salwa Mikdadi) that Albert doesn't have, does this mean the class will be held or not?,
Anybody with experience in cleaning fish-tanks or fish (as pets) in general? Edit: The problem is, no matter how well I clean the fish-tank, the water gets green in like a few hours. This is very unusual because this hasn't happened ever and I've had the fish for almost 3 months now.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, guys! I lost my ID card somewhere around either D2 or C2. If you see/find it, please let me know. Will be forever thankful!,
Urgent Does anyone have AAA batteries?,
This global leader threw his phone in the air celebrating the #YearOfZayed only to find that it was too weak to take the fall.  Not only is my screen broken, but my phone is now randomly messaging people.  Any ideas what it'll cost me to repair this?   Thanks, and celebrate the #YearOfZayed responsibly.,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda tonight and wants to share a cab?,[
Resolved] Anyone who's completed the CSS financial aid profile?,
Does anyone have an embroidery hoop I can borrow? Alternatively, does the costume shop have one? Thanks,
Anyone (preferably in A5C) with a pair of scissors I can borrow?,
Urgent: Does anyone have a piece of photo paper I can buy off them please?,
Come to the Salon to watch Alexa Chung talk about the Future of Fashion! 💜 Ft. Anita and Russo's pizza 😊,
NON-Latinos: What is your favorite reggeaton/latino songs?,
Looking for a long arm stapler on campus! Something like this,
Urgent, has anyone seen headphones like these around/maybe took them by mistake? Last seen in A2B lounge around 4 hours ago...,
Internship funding away from home peeps: when will we get the $$$? :),
Does anyone have a keyboard on campus with them that doesn’t mind lending it for a few hours for a performance? Pls, it’s really important,
Anyone who works with NYUAD Access that I could speak to?,
Anyone interested in taking photos for Interclassico on April 25 (Wednesday) from 6:30 to 8:30? <3,
Least used printers on campus? (speculations welcome),
Places in the UAE where I can order makeup online? I'm lazy.,
Does anyone know how to switch the audio in the East Forum from the speakers in the back room to the speakers in the main room?,
GIRLS FOOTBALL TEAM ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. GAME STARTS IN 30 MINUTES,
URGENT!!! GIRLS FOOTBALL ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. COME WATCH AN EXCITING GAME AT 3PM!!!!!!!,
Anyone traveling from AD to New York anytime soon?,
Typically we hear stories about assholes who don't have common curtesy in the laundry rooms, but today I want to tell you a story about a good samaritan.  As I was busy pretending to be a future leader in the dining hall, a true future leader saw that my clothes were finished in the washing machine.  Being the future leader that he is, he had the foresight to not only take out my clothes and put them into a drier, but he also started it.  It's true, the heroes aren't just in the movies.  God bless <3,
Does anyone know of how the class " Advanced Reading and Writing: Identities and Metamorphoses" is? Is it for upperclassmen? Who teaches it? Is it new?  I saw it in the writing section (where FYWS is) of the courses listed in Albert.,
I completely forgot this about the css profile, Is NYUAD not listed or do we put in NYU?,
Long shot: Anyone going to the Egyptian Embassy this week and would like to share a cab?,
Haiiiii! Does anyone have a copy of 'Temporary People' that they're willing to part with / sell?,
fierce and generous proofreaders?,
Reviews on the 2 credit film class: producing the short film by Wahbeh Fadi ? Please, thank you 😀,
Anyone has popcorn? Preferably around A2?,
Yo, if anyone is coming over the summer, I’ll be subletting my room ❤️ it’s walking distance to campus, in a really nice doorman apartment with laundry, a patio, doorman, (shitty) gym and all that jazz. I’ll sub it for cheaper than nyu housing, and HELLA cheaper than NYU single. You can also use my midi and guitar and hooka and yada-yada-yada. Hmu ❤️ (Mid may-mid July),(
resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇(resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇,
I require you to vote? (Is that how this works?) https://studentvote.nyu.edu  Since you are already reading let me elaborate on why I think Tami is comparably better candidate for the President: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE WITH STUGOV - we are approaching a transitional period without Vic Lindsay and with new constitution. We need somebody who was involved in Abu Dhabi StuGov and can transition to the presidential position almost without any guidance. -she GETS STUFF DONE - she does no...t only start a project but also finishes it, be it working with ResEd or class events. -she is EASY TO REACH - answers her e-mails and can make time for you/your representation when necessary. She makes time to listen to your concerns and gives advice if she can. -she is SUPPORTING YOU, NOT IDEOLOGIES - it is the student voice that matters to her, not transnational concepts. -she is not gonna be buying your votes - I am doing this because I am scared of her not winning, not because she asked. Lets be real she will not do any kind of propaganda. PM me/comment any questions you might have - I can elaborate on any of the points and why I think them applicable ONLY to Tami. See More,(
resolved) FORMS OF WRITING FOR THE SCREEN I am reaching out to those enrolled in Forms of Writing for the Screen, especially those who are not film majors. Despite registering as soon as the enrollment was opened, I did not get a place on the Forms of Writing for the Screen course with Scandar, and am currently the second on the waitlist. ... Being a decided freshman Film (Practice) major, it is mandatory that I take the course in the fall, and it is the last requirement to fulfill to study away in sophomore spring. My courses have been planned towards that goal for the past two semesters, and are jeopardized because of a single course. It should also really be taken ASAP to do better in screenwriting for other film projects. Would someone please kindly drop the course to spare a lot of worries and e-mails? Either someone enrolled, or the first person on the waitlist. I understand that this may be a lot to ask, and that I am in no way more entitled to have the spot, but if you could just PM me to have a discussion about this, I would be tremendously grateful.  Please do respond to this, and thank you in advance. See More,
Does anyone have a camera I can borrow for tomorrow morning?,
Anyone know where on campus I can get an antivirus installed? I think you can at IT, but that was a while ago.,
anyone know of an Emirate folktale about food?,
Strange request, but does anyone have any coals?,
Hye !  Can anyone please tell me who the faculty advisor for the CubeSat SIG is?  Kinda urgent. TIA,(
RESOLVED) Anyone want to play tarneeb now?,
Does anyone have experience with getting a lost Emirates ID replaced? How long does the process take? Alternatively, does anyone know if the Immigration Desk on campus has scans of our IDs?,(
resolved!) hi hi does anyone have painkillers? asking for a paralyzed friend :(,
Like/comment if the only reason you still use Facebook (not messenger) is NYUAD groups like this one, Student Life and Forum.,
Vacuum Cleaner Please! Anyone?,
Can you still submit an assistantship time sheet a month (or months*) late?,
does anyone have elementary chinese 1 and/or 2 textbook/s i can borrow this summer?,(
Resolved) A swimming cap? I just need two briefly for tonight.,
Hello, can I borrow someone's filming equipment (zoom, lights, etc.) tomorrow for a few hours? Thank you in advance!,
Anyone attending MENA Diplomacy Dialogue on Sunday? PM me if you want to share a ride to EDA <3,
Where is the cheap jet skiing?,
Hey errybody, who has the board games (House on the Hill, Colony, etc)?,
Nyuguest wifi password? Please and thanks so much,
Thoughts on professor Anisa Shyti?,
How do i find syllabi for NY classes?,
Anyone have a baking tray and/or mixing bowl I could borrow? Will repay with cookies!!,
is there a way to request to count more than 2 courses towards a major in study away?,
Hey! Does anyone have two spare commencement tickets?,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
For double majors how does the capstone/extra classes work? I'm double majoring in SRPP and Film, but would do a Film capstone. If I did a joint capstone, would I be taking four capstone classes or just the two? If I just do a Film capstone, do I just take two non-Foundational electives for SRPP?,
Can anyone share their thoughts on Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin? (in terms of workload...) Thanks in advance.,
I caught your attention 😀  GOLF SIG just got revived. We are figuring the budget but gauging the interest now. There would be at least 50% CoPay (between 50- 80 AED) or possibly full price - depending on the "budget cuts" and the generosity of the StuGov.  Could you please comment your name ONLY IF you would be willing to pay (possibly with specifying how much is your MAX PRICE you are willing to pay) and come to at least 2/10 sessions? (If you feel like sharing: telling us your level - beginner, intermediate, advanced...PGA champion - would also help),
A very large blanket or tarp? Preferably blue! Or maybe where I could find one on campus? Thank you!,
Guest wifi password please?,
Resolved!  Can I talk to someone who's done or is doing a joint capstone (in two majors)?,
I thought I couldn’t go but turns out I can IF ONLY I HAD A TICKET TO THE GALA HELP ANYONE HAS AN EXTRA ONE? 🙏,
Which dining hall is open?,
Yet another bird post, I know, but this little fella seems to have a cut on its back and seems to be injured. Idk what  else to do other than place it in a box with some water ( i used gloves dw). Any suggestions as to what I should do?,
Anyone knows who I should go to if I lost my glasses during gala by any chance?,
Do we give our Core Curriculum User Guide and our Bulletin back somewhere or do we get rid of them? I.e. is there someone who would be interested in keeping them?,
It’s here! Join Attitude and the Caribbean SIG today at 6 pm (Arts Center 114) for a fun workshop in Jamaican Dancehall 💃🏽,
Resolved -Anybody who has any information concerning the whereabouts of my backpack (gray/ jansport/ identifying documents inside/ mac charger) is strongly encouraged to contact me,
PSA: D2 reopens at 12pm for lunch,
Tala Nassar’s number?,
Anyone going from New York to Abu Dhabi early May?,
On the tables in baraha,
Is it possible to transfer my US tourist visa to a student visa?,
Has anybody managed to borrow a camera from the library or the arts center over summer without being a film major/minor. If so, how? Thanks!,
sleepin pill preferably in a6b?,
Should I be worried if I didn’t get an email of confirmation after I selected my room?,
My soul (pretty damaged but OK) in exchange for ibuprofen, preferably in A2??,
Summer Funding UAE Secondary Deadline is May 3rd [9 AM, GST]. The UAE grant is for students who have secured an internship within the UAE. These internships must be at least six weeks in length. The UAE summer internship grant provides support towards the cost of airfare, accommodation, local transportation, and meals.... Maximum award available is USD 4000.  Notification: May 9th See More,[
Resolved] Anyone who has a bike (doesn't matter mountain/road) to lend me just for tomorrow early morning, tons of thanks:),
Phone credit? Anyone?,[
URGENT] guys pls help, i need an easy structures or literature core (old core) for next semester, any recommendations?,
Opinions on Dawn Chatty (esp Displacement and Dispossession in the Middle East)?,
Reviews on FOMST with Elisabeth Anderson?,
I have an extra ticket for the Gala. It´s free. My room is open I will leave it on the top of the microwave. Don´t take anything else. a2c 615.,
Any Japanese speakers who would be willing to do live translation on calls? Basically I would ask a question in English, you would need to translate to Japanese and then translate the response back to English. It will be 3-4 hours worth of calls for which we would pay USD 100 in total.  The calls would be spread over 3-4 days so you will not need to work for more than 1-2 hours every day - just have a flexible schedule as the calls will be quite last  minute.  PM me if you're interested!,
Anyone planning to cab to the gala?,
Does anyone want to share a cab to the Galla today at 8:15pm?,
Wtf is the fine system in the library? I have been charged some money out of nowhere with no one informing me,
anyone taken comparative legal systems with shakeel and had the course count as a poli sci elective?,
Does anyone have a curler in A5B? Pls help I have long hair that need to be tamed :c,
Fishing line anyone? pls,
Friends, what are some classes being offered in the fall I absolutely should take before getting out of here for good?,
Anyone who’s interned with MWH before?,
Cores offered by literature professors?,
Risk Management Live Streaming at A6-006 (Happening Right Now!!) click the link below to access the live streaming for ... Risk Management Strategy by Vaishakh Nair, Senior Consultant of Protiviti working in Energy & Utilities See More,
How is Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin in terms of grading?,
Is D2 open now?,[
Resolved] Does the bookstore close at 5 or 6pm today?,
Anyone knows where the iron is from A2C laundry room?,
blue bowtie? please!,
Recommendations of Arabic films with female protagonists?,
Thoughts on Deborah Kapchan?,
Is there a way to make the AC not turn on by itself?,
Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?,[
RESOLVED] Anyone with gala tickets but cannot go? I will buy 2 tickets for 150 AED. PLS :'(,
Anyone selling a ticket for the gala today?,2 gala tickets for sale?,
A mixer I could borrow tomorrow? Will return with a piece of cake! ^_^,
Thoughts on Alejandro Portes as a professor?,
gala ticket anyone?? asking for a friend,
Bakers required!! We need people who can make delicious baked goods for the last Open Mic this Friday! Let me know what ingredients you need by tomorrow, and we can go buy them for you :),
Where should I send an email to in nirvana if I need to change the flights they booked me?,
thoughts on: - Ethnographic field research (Prof. Zeynep Ozgen) - Practicum in Social Research (Prof. Daniel Karell) - Data Analysis (Prof. Jonathan Andrew Harris) - Creativity & Innovation (Prof. Margaret Julias)... thanks! See More,
Hi, any thoughts on 'Music: Histories and Cultures' with Gwyneth Bravo? (Workload, teaching style, syllabus etc),
Does anyone know where Xiao-Xiao Jiao's (Intermediate Chinese I) Office is?,
Nearest ratchet barbershop (15 AED for a haircut) Anything closer than Madinat Zayed area?,
Anyone in Why Is It So Hard to Do Good can fill me in on what's been done in the previous classes and syllabus? Thank you!,(
SOLD)One ticket left ! Someone just canceled. Let me know ASAP,
does anyone have a tripod i could borrow for the weekend?,
hellooo, help pls, is doing GEPS, political thinking and FOMST together a stupid idea? tyy,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a brownie pan i could borrow tonight?,(
SOLD OUT)FOMO hitting you hard ? Last chance to grab a ticket for the Spring Gala (4 tickets left). Come to the StuGov office (E-229) until 12:30 with your 50aed ! First come, first served.  #stugovlove,
Hey! Does anyone know someone who I could get in contact with from the finance/registrar office? It says I owe $2500 on my Bursar Account. I had the same problem  2 weeks ago and they cleared it up but the same amount just reappeared. Enrollment is tomorrow and I'm currently unable to add/view or enroll in classes. I need a way to get it resolved asap !!,
Hello!  Does anyone have the syllabus for "Silk Roads, Sea Routes and Shared Heritage" taught by Robert Parthesius?  Thank you very much! :),
thoughts on legal writing with Barry Masanori Hashimoto , alternatively thoughts on the professor himself?,
Who has a car that I can use for a film project on campus on Saturday? From 5-7pm...,
Dermatoligist recommendations please?? Kinda urgent.,
hi is "education and society" a nice class please tell me thanks,[
WON'T BE RESOLVED / CLOSED] Can we (Student Gov, students etc.) petition to be allowed to change our flights through the airline directly instead of going through Nirvana? Ideally, Nirvana should be completely removed from this process but I know it's highly unlikely to happen. Every year when I am trying to change my flight they provide me with a ridiculous quote. Often it is twice more expensive than if I simply do it directly through the airline. Always, booking a new direct flight on your own costs a lot cheaper than changing it with Nirvana due to their ridiculous fees. NYUAD Student Government,
Thoughts on Human Rights Law in terms of workload and how interesting it is?,
Extra Galla Ticket ?,
Anyone know of any professor who has studied, carrying out a research or just is experienced in Blockchain and can answer some questions regarding a project?,
Who has the ticket for today's Gala?,
Gauging interest for a Rice and Eggs SIG for next semester.,
A fun practical film class for non-film majors?,
Hey folks, Does anyone have any experience with NetSuite and interfacing NetSuite with BI software (either through TacticalConnect or another integration tool?) Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!,
selling my gala ticket, if anyone’s interested pm,
Does anyone know if Arab Music Cultures, or another Music elective that fulfills the Islamic requirement, will be offered Spring 2019 as well? Professor Quayle doesn't seem to be answering.,
Another question theater students, is it a bad idea to take Thinking Theater and Making Theater in the same semester?,[
RESOLVED]: CDAD or CADT core class recommendations? I am looking for a really chill CORE class, with little workload and a easy grader for a professor? Is that too much to ask 🙂 Thank you in advance <3,
any extra gala tickets? i need one urgently,
Thoughts on Etienne Wasmer as a professor?,
Do I still have a chance at getting my Stern courses if I'm currently 15-17th on the waitlist?,
Soda to spare anyone?,
It's simple work, but it must be properly done to receive full compensation. 4 tasks available, 4 people needed (you can only choose one task): - Drawing bounding boxes around table cells (300 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around column titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN... - Drawing bounding boxes around row titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around tables (50 dhs) - TAKEN Message me on facebook or email me (jma587) for more details. See More,
Hey does anyone know what event happened today with all the locals that were around campus?,
A bird just ran into a wall and broke its neck but it's still alive what do I do????? Public safety said they don't have procedures what should I do,
Needle and thread? Thank you!,
NYUAD ladies, anyone has a curling iron I could borrow tomorrow for half an hour or so? :))),
Thoughts on The Mind by Shaalan Farouk??,[
GONE] Gala ticket for sale - 50dhs -,
Selling a ticket to the end-of-the-year event. 50aed.,
hi. I need one more credit to finish the lit major and it has to be the pre-modern literature elective. Plz tell me the global shakespeare course isn't the only choice for fall semester to satisfy that credit. (i kinda hate shakespeare). help plissssssssss,
Dear friends, would y'all be kind enough to leave the last (double) spot in A6B 410 open until 4/22? One of my friends cannot access the portal due to technical reasons and we have already occupied all 3 other spots. Thanks very much for understanding! :),
Thoughts on Intro to Comparative Politics with Melina Platas and/or Intro to International Politics with Muhammet Ali Bas? Those courses were not taught by those two before so maybe comments on the professor's themselves?,
Can a minor requirement be double counted as a core? I can't find any info about double counting courses in general...,
Cores with a class trip?,
Recommendation for a Political Science method electives for next Fall? Ideally, one with a workload that isn't too heavy?  Also, thoughts on Everything is A Remix?  Thanks x,
Peacebuilding with michael harsch?,
ISTANBUL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SPRING BREAK  Hey guys! since half of the school population is going to Istanbul for spring break and a lot of people asked me about what to do, I thought I’d just share this on ror. (I live in Istanbul). This is so long so I kinda just put it in categories. You can message me if you have any other questions! Also, because I’m a really food oriented person, these recommendations are quite food oriented.  Make sure you get an IstanbulKart as soon as you land in Istanbul. The public transportation system is really extensive and you can go anywhere with it. Don’t forget that Google Maps will tell you which public transportation to take!! The official public transportation works with IstanbulKart (metro, metrobus, ferry, motor, buses, etc). There are also privately owned public transportation systems, like dolmuş, minibus, etc. These ones can be a bit tricky to use as tourists (no official payment system/the driver 98% won’t speak English/no official stops, you just say can i get off here, etc). But the official public transportation should get you anywhere, anyways.  Istanbul basically doesn’t have wifi anywhere except some restaurants. Don’t be surprised!  If you haven’t checked yet, Turkish lira and dirham almost have the same exchange rate. So when I’m saying 120 lira, I mean like 120 dhs.  Also, I’m not gonna mention any obvious, touristy places, like the Maiden’s Tower, Hagia Sophia, Topkapı Palace, etc.  Üsküdar: Kuzguncuk, Meter Döner, Paşalimanı Kafe, Fethipaşa Korusu, kebab  This is the Asian side, you can cross over with a ferry for couple liras. When you come to Üskudar (you’ll be by the sea), just walk towards Kuzguncuk. This should be about 1, max 2 km. Kuzguncuk is super cute, reminds me of Notting Hill in London. Should have couple shops as well. For food, go to METET Döner. Order döner, my favourite is pilav üstü döner (this is basically meat on top of fried rice). This restaurant is quite cheap, especially according to Dhabi standards but SO delicious. When you’re walking back to central Üsküdar, you should cross by Beltur Paşalimani Kafe, it’s around 500 metres from Kuzguncuk. This place is run by the municipality, so it’s also relatively cheap. But the location is AMAZING. You will literally be sitting on the sea with a full fledged view of the Bosphorus. Order Turkish tea if you don’t feel like anything else. When you leave Paşalimanı Kafe, keep walking on the coastline and you should see the entrance to Fethipaşa Korusu. This is a tiny park/forest. Walk up the park and you will have an amazing view of the Bosphorus from above.  Another of my favourite places in Üsküdar is this tiny kebab shop called Urfalı Kasım Usta. They have the best kebab in Istanbul imo. Get Adana kebab if you like spicy food, Urfa kebab if you don’t. They’ll bring it to you with your kebab, but if they don’t, ask for ezme. My fav food that no one can replicate. It’s a type of tomato/chili sauce but it’s so good. Also, if they still have it (they run out really fast), get some liver. I don’t eat it but people love it. They cut it into pieces and fry/cook it with butter. Also get ayran, the Turkish yoghurt drink. Don’t be surprised if no one speaks English, this is the least touristy place!  Kadıköy: Koço, rakı balık, ice cream, bars My fav place in Istanbul. Again, on the Asian side and reachable by the ferry. This is a more  hipster, young area of Istanbul and it will be incredibly crowded. What you should do in Kadıköy is basically walk around and explore. Start walking from the street between Starbucks and Coldstone ice cream. This location description may sound weird but it’s really obvious what I mean when you’re there. You will see lots of cool shops. Go to Kadıköy around 5 pm, walk around a bit, eat, and go drinking. For food, go to Koço Meyhanesi. This restaurant is technically in Moda, a neighbourhood in Kadıköy that will take you 20 mins of walking to get to from the ferry. This place serves rakı balık, which means meze (Turkish tapas), seafood and Turkish alcohol. THIS PLACE MAKES SUCH GOOD FOOD. It’s also quite expensive. I would say 130-180 liras per person depending on how much you drink. But that also means it’s just a bit more expensive than any restaurant in Abu Dhabi. I think it’s worth the money. Once you’re seated, they’ll bring out a huge tray with all the tapas they have. You can choose whatever looks food. Here are my recommendations though. For cold starters: Haydari (yoghurt), Fava (bean puree? idk), Octopus salad, Hamsi (anchovy ancues), midye dolma (stuffed mussels, order one per person), lakerda (salt cured fish). For hot starters: kalamar tava (calamari), karides güveç (shrimp casserole), tereyağında karides (shrimp fried in butter), midye tava (fried mussels). Then order Rakı, 35 cl should be enough for 5-7 people. Keep in mind that two fingers of rakı are mixed with a lot of water and ice. Just because you think you drink well don’t think you can drink a lot of rakı!! Also, what we usually do is just order a lot of mezes, which is the stuff I listed above, and share. You can also get proper fish if you want but I don’t find it necessary after all the amazing tapas. For dessert, you can stop by Ali Usta Dondurmacısı. This is a super famous ice cream shop. 5 liras per scoop, super good ice cream. Alternatively, go to Abbas waffles next door and get waffles.  After food, go to Ayı Bar. This is my fav bar in Istanbul and it’s usually quite crowded. If you cant find a place, go to Fil next door. Alcohol in Istanbul is usually 15-20 lira for beer, 30-50 for cocktails and hard liquor (per glass). Karaköy: BAKLAVA, (hipster) shopping, developing film, Galata Tower, alcohol  Now we are in the European side. Another of my favourite neighbourhoods. In Karaköy, YOU HAVE TO GO TO KARAKÖY GÜLLÜOĞLU. This is a must to get the BEST BAKLAVA in the world. I’m not kidding. My favourite one is kaymaklı baklava, which means baklava with cream(?). It’s the kind that doesn’t have nuts in it. But baklava with pistachios or walnuts is also so good. Trust me on this. Go to Güllüoğlu to have Baklava!!!  Great place for hipster shops. Just walk around and explore.  Also, if you need to develop film, there is a Fujifilm in Karaköy really close to Güllüoğlu.  Apart from very important baklava, the best thing you can do to explore Karaköy is walk around the neighbourhood. Karaköy isn’t isolated, it connects to other cool neighbourhoods like Galata and Beşiktaş. You can walk to the Galata Tower from Karaköy. Especially at night, the neighbourhood around Galata Tower is really cool, you can also drink a lot.  Ortaköy: the House Cafe, shopping, shisha, kumpir  Ortaköy is another neighbourhood to walk around in but it isn’t hipstery like Karaköy or Kadıköy. One of my favourite restaurants in Istanbul is in Ortaköy, called the House Cafe. It’s a bit bougie, the food isn’t super good, and it isn’t Turkish food (just normal food lmao), but the atmosphere is AMAZING. There literally isn’t a barrier between the restaurant and the sea. So much so that some rich ass people come straight into the restaurant with their yachts lol. The restaurant isn’t so expensive though, 50-60 liras per meal, or even less.  If you don’t wanna take the bougie route, just go to one of the kumpir shops by the huge ass mosque (the Ortaköy mosque). Kumpir is jacket potato with lots of toppings. Use to cost like 5 liras but now it costs around 20.  Ortaköy has a lot of tiny shops for souvenirs and jewellery. Make sure you’re not getting ripped off, though! You shouldn’t pay more than 40 liras for anything.  Ortaköy is also a good place to have some shisha. Turkish shisha is a bit different than Arabic shisha I guess, but not so different. Fatih: pide  Another of my favourite restaurants is in Fatih. Fatih isn’t the most aesthetic neighbourhood but it has the BEST pide shop. Pide is like Turkish pizza(?). It’s basically dough with toppings that they bake in a huge ass oven. The restaurant is called Fatih Pide Salonu. Also not a touristic place. Get pide with kaşar cheese, with mince meat, and with beef bacon!! Also get ayran.  Pm me if you have any other questions!,
Hey guys,  Is anyone interested in babysitting on the 7th? The child is very sweet & her mother Saba, works here as a TA. Please comment below & i put you in touch with her 🙂!  "I am looking for someone to babysit a three year old girl - Sara - for 3 hours on Saturday 7th April from 5:30pm to 8:30pm on campus. She is toilet trained, can speak fluent English and is familiar with the campus. I am happy to offer reasonable compensation for their valuable time.",
Hey Guys!  Latino night preps are coming up and we are looking for musicians that would like to play (Latino and non-latino). Instruments we are looking for are keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, violin, percucions(conga), brass section, sax and vocals. We are looking for people that are confident with their instrument and available to practice around three times a week.  Please comment your net ID and instrument if interested.,
Hey guys!  I am looking to gather a couple of people who have taken a Leave of Absence or/and feel strongly about the topic or/and want to provide their experiences to be able to list out concerns and draft a letter to Dean Farley which I already met about it a few months ago. Your name doesn't have to be mentioned nor specifics regarding your experience.  This would allow us to start a conversation with admin regarding changes that could be implemented and make the process and the experience smoother and easier for future students taking Leaves.  Please comment below your netids or privately message me and we'll figure a time to meet and draft a letter together.  Thank you! :),
Hey guys! Does anyone know the nyuadguest password?  Please please 😬,
Hey all, a bit of a general research-oriented question that I want to ask on behalf of a friend- in your classes/discussions with professors/misc settings, what types of latest research have you come across that marry Computer Science with Political Science/social science in general? i.e. what are the "hot topics" that people are actively looking into these days? Would be grateful for any insight as this is a bit out of my depth.  P.S If anyone knows of any relevant programs/research opportunities/internships that offer experience in this joint field, please comment those below too!,
Hey ROR, IM BACK - long time no see. Anyways, when are summer research funding decisions usually announced?,
Hey guys! Anyone looking to change the recitation times for Foundations of Financial Markets for Fall 2018? Alternatively, anyone looking to change the course times for Ordinary Differential Equations? Please let me know!!! Might be a long shot, but please help a poor returning student out!,
Hey, has anyone ever had Alberto Gandolfi as a math professor? What do you think of him?,
Hey everyone! <3 Just curious about who is staying in AD for the summer term. What courses are you guys taking?,
hey guys, does anyone know how to figure out which classes count towards the old core? pls help me figure this shit out so i can get those done,
Hey does anyone know where I can mail postcards for free on campus? If not, then off? Thanks.,
FREE ART COMMISSION FOR MOTHER'S DAY Hey all! I'll be working on mother's day portraits over the Spring Break and have 10 spots open for commission. First come first serve! I may take more depending on time. Comment if interested. Mother's Day is celebrated 21st of March in the UAE.,
Hey guys!! Pam has extra spots on the Global Village trip for tomorrow, FRI Mar 23rd: leaving NYU @ 2:30pm and returning @ 10:30pm! feel free to email Pam if you'd like to go 💚💙,
Hey! Is anyone going to be going from Berlin to the UAE? OR who is in Berlin this semester?  We need someone to bring artworks from Berlin to Dubai before 22nd of March, willing to cover your ticket/costs and a little fee.,
Anyone who's done a research internship with an NYU campus professor in the summer mind answering a few questions about housing? TIA,
Hey all. Does anyone potentially have condensed milk? You may have a small portion of the product,
Hey, does anyone have ice cream ? Will buy you a new one tomorrow 😅,
hey guys, any advice on how much cash (in rupees) i should take with me if im gonna be traveling through sri lanka for 8 days? we’re going to colombo ella and mirissa,
hey how do u personalize a ring tone on an iphone if u downloaded a tone from the tone store bls,
can anyone who applied to a job at the library help me pls? cant figure out where to upload the availability chart on careernet,[
RESOLVED] Hey! I know this is last minute but does anyone on campus have a winter coat and a scarf that I could borrow for a week? I am leaving to France tomorrow. (Would be forever grateful and bring you something from Strasbourg!),
Hey all! Happy Nowruz 🎉 Any Farsi speakers that would be willing to translate something very short for me?,
Hey guys, I am planning to travel Uganda. Is anyone from Uganda? I  really need some help. Thank you so much!,
Hi guys, could people from Latin America help me please? I am taking class called Education in Emergencies, but truthfully I do not know what issues are students in LA facing. I know this is very broad and ignorant but could you please comment anything? This can be discrimination towards indigenous people, or limited resources, or questionable syllabi, or hard to reach areas, or truly anything you see problematics with the educational system.,
Hey, any Arab/ Arabic-speaking performers willing to help out with a theater piece?,
Hey guys! Does anyone know if the drivers Licensing Department in Mushrif is open on weekends? And if so what hours. Thanks!!,
if anyone has seen a black pencil case (more like a pouch) lying around campus somewhere, please lmk!! lost it before spring break and i can’t find it anywhere 😭 it has the words “every day is a new day” on it and contains all my pens 😢😢😢 any help would be greatlyyy appreciated 🙏🏼,
Anyone wanna petition to have Spoken or Written Contemporary French next semester? (comment NetIds) Also do we know if this has been offered in the past? (please support me) (Marielle Daria  Caroline ?),
An electric beater (preferred) or a whisk that I could borrow for 30 mins?,
how do i download a whole folder from newclasses please helpm e,
I need a small favour from Individuals that identify as either Arab-American or Chinese-American? It shouldn't take too long and I will pay you in chocolate or something your heart desires <3,
anyone willing to perform a spoken word piece? comment/DM :),
Hey guys! I'd really appreciate it if you answered the following question (it's for a class): Do you think that the type of personality an individual has impacts their health (directly or indirectly)? Feel free to add an explanation for your response in the comments. ,
Is there a site/FB page/anything that has course reviews of NYU Shanghai? +) Anyone who took IM courses in Shanghai and are willing to share their experience?😊,
PAID OPPORTUNITY: tutoring a 6th grade girl, two hours a week. Bonus if you can tutor French and/or Arabic. Must have lots of patience/knows how to handle kids! Tutor must be in AD for FALL 2018 and SPRING 2019. Comment/PM me if you’re interested!,
Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏,
Hello! Does anyone have a duffle bag (or two) I can borrow for spring break? please <3,
Does anyone have raw aloe vera or something for sunburn?,
Are there any non-cred french classes at nyuad either in Spring 2 or during the summer?,
Hi! Anyone going to Dubai on Thursday March 8 early afternoon? Thank you!,
Hey! We’re starting a new SIG called PayWrite: Publish Your Work which hopes to become a publishing hub and network for our student community. We noticed there is a lot of content (e.g. papers, art for classes) produced at NYUAD which goes shut into the drawer or stays on a computer disk indefinitely with no purpose after the semester ends.  We aim at finding the audience for such quality work that would otherwise be paid little heed here. Members of our SIG would get access to academic journals, newspapers and other leading publishing websites with our help through our network of affiliates. By participating you risk nothing but gaining audience and associated benefits. Comment you netID under this post if you are interested 😉,
Hey Guys! I am doing some research on the campus cats for a class project. I want to know more about their lives on campus -  everything from who feeds them to the parties involved in taking care of them and their general well-being. If you can name some people I can talk to, that would be great! Thank you!,
hey to new and old homies - I graduated in 2016 and am now teaching a class called "Maps and Migrations." I'm sure there must be core courses on both of these subjects - could people send me syllabi if possible?,
Hey friends, who is here this semester and interested in helping with the menstrual hygiene products pilot program? It's minimal commitment and we could really use your help!,
Hey everyone, [RESOLVED] Need suggestions on a colloquium that's great.  Or rather any thoughts on gender or the desert?  Thanks in advance😊,
Hey, all-- Who does one ask about options for going home for a couple weeks of the semester  because of a personal family matter?  Has anyone done this before? Thanks in advance.,
Hey everyone, I'm having friends visit me for 7 days, which of 2 will be spent in Dubai. Please give me must see places in both Dubai and Abu Dhabi, like ones they have to see before leaving the UAE. Thank you!!,
hey hey! does anyone know which zoo is better to visit: Al Ain Zoo or Emirates Park Zoo?,
Hey fam, anyone flying from NY to AD and could bring something over for me? Thx ❤️,
Any guy in A5C who doesn't mind submitting a guest pass form for my friend from NYU Stern? He's arriving two nights earlier than check in for his semester in AD. You just have to submit the form for his guest pass, please.,
Hey guys, I'm shooketh that in all these years we had so many currency exchange requests on here and still never had an exchange group. But now we do! Sooooooo https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuadmoney/,
Hey, Happy New Year!! Anyone taking Child Development and Social Policy? I was switched into the class abruptly and am wondering if I am missing anything? Like the syllabus or the readings? Any help is appreciated!,
Hey all.. does anyone have a mirror they do not need anymore (any size)? Or a broken mirror I can dispose of? pleaase,
Hey lovely people, does anyone has a projector that they could lend for tonight?  You would make me and Vuk Vuković very happy : ),[
RESOLVED] Hey, is anyone taking sustainable development class? Message me please,
Hey guys! I want to have a look at the syllabus for Network Everything. If anyone has it, please pm me!  Thank you!!!,
Hey! Does anyone have an abaya that I can borrow tonight?,[
Resolved] URGENT-ish. Hey guys, I'm having MFA problems and can't get onto the student portal- could someone with access pretty please send me the shuttle schedule from AD airport (if there even is one)? TYIA xx,
Hey guys! I am trying to import my schedule to google calendars. But, the times don't match!! Is there a way for me to fix that? Thank youu!,
hey guys, anyone know the email id for IT help?,
Hey guys! Can anyone share the syllabus for Introduction to Interactive media with me? Thank you!!!!,
Hey guys any thoughts on Introduction to Interactive Media? thanks in advance:),
Hey guys can any psych majors that took social psych/perception/psychology of sex and gender PM me, thankss,
Anyone has the Syllabus for Intro to Entrepreneurship with Regien Sumo? Thanks in advance.,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Are we allowed to work off-campus during the study away semester in New York?,
Who do I talk to if I'm interested in iGEM 2018?,
Bit of a broad question, but - most amazing places to visit and unique things to experience in Europe? And also any travel recommendations specifically for Spain? Thank you! :),
anyone in 'Identity and Culture in Politics' who can give me an overview of what was discussed in class today? thanks!,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to check waitlist position on the new albert?,
hello friends! anyone have the syllabus for toral gajarawala's 'on violence' course? also, i believe there was a course being taught about forgiveness (a core, natch) - if someone had the syllabus for that, i'd love to see it! thanks in advanceee,
Pls this is urgent: does anyone have an incense burner and stick that I can borrow to take a picture for a staged setting? Pls pls pls I really need one,
Anyone in 'Anthropology of the Fatwa' and can give me their opinion on the first class (in terms of workload, interesting content etc etc)? Thanks!,
Would someone be kind enough to donate their unneeded engineering ethics textbook to a great cause (me),
The Gazelle requires footage of campus cats and people who are willing to be interviewed about the cat issue on campus.,
I've got $50 and was wondering if anyone would like to exchange it for some Dirhams.,
Has anyone ever requested transportation for a non-sig event ? E.g. I’m getting people together to go see a show in Dubai (but the event is not school sponsored),
Anyone know how to download my transcript from the new albert? Step by step instructions would be appreciated ✨✨please and thank youuu,
Initial thoughts on Global Cold War with Martin Klimke & Masha Kirasirova?  Also on taking two history courses with a FYWS?,
Hey does anyone have Chinese textbooks/workbooks for Elementary 2 or Intermediate 1 that I could have or borrow for the semester? Much thanks 🙂,
Hey! Does anyone know of EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY initiatives, mainly for school systems and mainly within the EUROPEAN UNION?,
Anyone knows what's up with/'s taking care of this kitten near A2B? It's been meowing since yesterday night,
hey guys what do you think about Intro to Musical Programming1 ?,
Reviews on Ethics and Technology in Tandon NY? Is it a chill/easy course? What's the workload like? Is the prof. Patrick Linden a harsh grader?,
Hey all! Does anyone have any winter jacket (Or any winter clothes at all, really) size XS or S that I could borrow for a couple days in j term? Please, I live in Guatemala and own absolutely no winter clothes 😔,
Hey! Is anyone familiar with NYUSH's STEM curriculum? My brother got into SH instead of AD but we don't know much about the program there. Any comments on the courses/faculty/curriculum please! He's interested in CS/physics/mechanical engineering.,
hey hey hey hello! is there anyone who has done one of those programs where you go to spain/south america/etc to learn spanish?  if so, can i message you?,
Hey guys! I am writing a paper on the islamic nature (or not islamic) of ISIS, based on Graeme Wood's "What ISIS really wants?" and I am looking for articles that address this topic. I know some classes have worked on this and it would be really helpful if any of you directed me to articles you used x Thank you,
Hey, is the power outlets in China the ones with two round pointers? (Like the one in the picture?) Is this adaptor applicable? If not, which ones? Thanks!,
Hey sorry if this is a really dumb question, but just joined the MFA (multi factor authentication)  thing and I'm confused.. Does this mean from now on I can no longer access my nyu email unless I have my phone on me...?,(
Resolved)Hey guys, I lost my water bottle (that looks like the one in the picture) a couple of days ago. If you've seen it by any chance please let me know!,[
Resolved 🌟] Hey! Could anyone be so kind to lend me a cooking pot? Will repay in pasta, cheesecake, and love ❤🌻🌚,
Hey! @Ji Soo Choi has lost her wallet in the library. Found it in the printing machine in the second floor on the right side (facing the right from the entrance) please tell her to message me! I have it in the silent room,
Hey! Does anyone have information about where we can donate books this semester? I heard something about the bookstore taking course books back now, does anyone know how that is going to work or if it's still a thing that's happening?,
Hey guys, anyone has some packing tape they can lend? Please!  (Asking for a friend) 😀,
Hey guys, giving away two VIP Creamfields tickets. It's tonight, PM if interested!,
Hey! Does anyone have extra tickets for the Attitude Dance Recital?,
Hey guys does anyone know where to get tickets for the Real Madrid game this coming weekend??? All the tickets are sold outttttttt.,
hey friends and fam where can i find the exam schedule for fall 2017?,
Hey all- does anyone know anything about the CSS financial aid form / its due date? Thank youuu,
Hey guys! Do you know if it's possible to make one of your layovers longer with Nirvana, i.e. spending 15 days in Amsterdam instead of a 8 hour layover? Has anyone done this? TIA.,[
SPOTS FILLED UP] Hey fam, A group of juniors is going into the desert tonight to watch the Meteor Shower and we still have some spots available on the bus! We leave at 10 PM and come back by 4 AM the latest. If anyone is 100% committed to coming, reach out to me ASAP!,
Hey guys! Hope everyone has a good break.  Quick question, what are we supposed to do with our books before checkout? Where can we get rid of them?,
Hey, does anyone know where I can borrow a flag pole from on campus (ie whom to contact)? Also, does anyone have a medium/large sized American flag that theyre willing to lend me for an art project on the 13th? Thank you!,
Hey,  if someone lost this earphones around 1:00-3:00 in the dining hall today,  come get them from the cashier area.,
Hey, in the past a group of students have been organising black history month. Is anyone doing it this time around?,
Anyone who has done/is doing their capstone project to something related to finance?,[
Resolved] Did anyone who had troubles with the lockers in the basement find a way to open it without asking Serco for assistance? Mine won’t open even if I put the right numbers in.,
Does the Astronomy SIG still exist? If yes, does it still take people to the desert at this time of the year?,
Hi guys,  question about the Pedro Monaville - not Internationalism, he will teach another class in NY and friend wants an opinion on him as a professor.,
Hi guys, do you know where we can drop off our big cardboard storage boxes? The guard told me to fit it into the locker ...... thanks in advance!,
Has anyone taken “The First Islamic World Empire: The Abbasids” with Maurice Pomerantz? What’s the workload and grading like?  Also, just to confirm, does it satisfy the Islamic requirement?,
Christian Haefke's office hours?,
Hey guys! How do I fix this? On my room wall,
One of my acquaintances from outside uni wants to get in contact with any actors/filmmakers or drama/communication clubs here at NYU. Are there any contacts that I can presumably provide her?  Likewise, is there a contact person for the theatre/film major head faculty?,
Does anybody have a round baking pan?🙏🏼,
If you have al ain water bottles lying around, I would be more than happy to take them off your hands and save you a trip to the refuse room (collecting for a recycling project). 🖖,
Hey people, a friend of mine is considering moving to Abu Dhabi. He is concerned that 2700 USD a month will not be enough. I actually am not familiar with the rent rates.  Do you think 2700 USD a month is good enough to live in AD? (He will be working at twofour54 location wise) Thank you very much!,
I have AED and need USD. Anyone up for an exchange?,
Does anyone have anything for soar throat and fever in A2? I think all this crying after my friends is getting to me 🤒,
Looking to exchange 2500AED ish to USD,
Resolved ❤ Quite urgent, anyone who has taken Sophia Kalantzakos' class? Pleaseee I have a few questions 😥,[
RESOLVED] Does anyone have antihistamine pills or any kind of antihistamine/artificial eye drops plssss,
Hey guys! I hope your break is going well. I just need some minds that aren't completely clueless about computers (unlike me) to advise me about this laptop I wanna buy :) (or an alternative works too) thank you x,
Anyone going to Dubai at around 10 am tomorrow (21st)?,
Getting rid of my hangers (25) and laundry basket (the white plastic one) and my towels/washed sheets they gave us visiting students at the beginning of the semester. [[Not sure if anyone wants the stuff, but if it's unwanted I'll throw it out. The towels and sheets are white, and can be bleached to be just like new.]],[
resolved] hey guys, what number do i call to book a cab?,
Photographers here in Spring with an investment in civil rights, show yourselves.   I have a paid opportunity for you to do some really incredible work.,
anyone ever got around and took a class with a pre-req in new york without having fulfilled the pre-req? can a professor dismiss the pre-req on an individual case and issue a permission number? i wanna take a class in stern that has intro to marketing as a pre-req, but all the intro to marketing classes are full and intro to marketing is not offered in ad,
Hey guys! Part 1: I have: UAE Dirhams. I need: British Pounds. Part 2[RESOLVED]: I have: Georgian Lari and Jordanian Dinar. I need: British Pounds/UAE Dirham.,
Has anyone negotiated accommodation deals with a hotel in Abu Dhabi before? (like for people coming for a conference) alternatively, someone who's used the A1 dorms for guests?,
Anyone going to the Club World Cup final and willing to share a cab?,
Hi is anyone from StuGov in C2?? Need storage box,[
SOLVED] Anyone wanna share a cab to Zayed Sports City Stadium at around 7:30?,
Hey all! Clothes for sale! New and never worn. Most of the prices are reduced but can be negotiable. (F) is for her, (M) is for him, (U) is unisex. [Sold] (F) Red blouse from United Colours of Benetton, Size: XS, Price: 85dhs (F) Yellow blouse from Debenhams (H! by Henry Holland), Size: 10, Price: 100dhs (F) Grey shorts from Debenhams (Iris & Edie), Size: 10 (Euro 38/US 6), Price: 70dhs (U) Captain America shorts from Splash, Size: S, Price: 40dhs (M) Black ¾ shorts from Splash, Size: small, Price: 70dhs (M) White dotted shorts from Splash (Being Human), Size: 30/small, Price: 95dhs (U) Sports costume from Kappa, Size: small, Price: 150dhs PM me if interested/for Q's or Whatsapp 0502243319,
Hey friends, any guy in A5B who could sign me in as an overnight guest at around 9pm? I already have a guest pass for another building but I just need to not get kicked out at 11pm from there.  Help an old guy out pls.,
hey scholars abroad in NY!! Anyone enrolled in 1 or more Stern courses this semester?,[
URGENT] hey y'all I need bananas for my film like right now if anyone has them,
hey hey does anyone in a6 have cinnamon and/or vanilla? alternatively, does anyone have a projector for tonight?,
Hey! Does anyone have experience in startups and/or social enterprises? Alternatively, tips on who I can contact for this?,
hey, so i've managed to lose 2 pairs of sunnies in one week. If anyone has seen some sunglasses laying around please let me know! Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have Gaviscon or any other medicine for heartburn? Thankss,
Hey all! The One Africa music fest is happening in Dxb tomorrow night. We managed to get a student discount (20%) found at: https://dubai.platinumlist.net/event-…/…/one-music-festival… The line up is lit and through a partnership with Sorbonne, we got a bus. We got 3 more spots open on the bus. The bus ride will cost 50AED back and forth. Text me or Yero to book your sit. One love One Africa,
Hey! Anyone has experience with making a class pass/fail and is currently in the library?,
Hey, can someone tell me about the “Intro to Musical Programming” course? Like is it too computer science-y that a non-comp sci major would not be into? Is it difficult, etc etc. And to add on, also pls comment on “Fundamentals of Digital Audio” course. If anyone holds the syllabus of either, pls share with a confused potential music major (me) xD thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have a can opener?,
Hey guys, anyone who's got enrolled in Probability and Statistics (maths) for the spring semester and able to consider this email? Please help me, I really need to save my semester study away, ideally next academic year. save my life and I will love you forever. please please please 🙏🙏🙏,
Hey y'all! There's a bird that's stuck in the handles of a shopping bag and it's now in the bushes by West dining hall stairs (ground floor). Arianna has gone to get a pair of scissors to cut it free from the bag, but if there's anything else you think we should do, let us know!,
Hey guys! The Business & Finance is looking for 2 bright students who want to learn to trade on Bloomberg through FOREX. We are going tomorrow to Sharjah to the American University of Sharjah early in the morning at 9:30 am and are gonna be back by evening. Whoever is interested, comment under this post or pm me!,
Hey! Where can I find a list of courses? Cant find it on Student Portal! Thanks!,
Hey guys, I think this archive may be useful if you didn't already know about it! Cheers.,
Hey everybody!! Vera recently performed in Yas Mall during the Fall Break for the Yasalam 2017 Emerging Talent Competition (Its a big deal. She is basically famous now). Lets show her some purple love and support her now in the voting procedure of the contest. You can vote for her by accessing the following link: https://survey.fbapp.io/yasalam-2017-emerging-talent-compet… All votes count!! If she wins she will perform at the F1 concert!!,
Hey, so I lost one of my earrings somewhere in the arts center today, particularly in/near the black theater and green room beside it. It is the pair to the one in the picture. Please help me find it xD much appreciated. (Might also be near/in 144 and the prop room in the basement),
Hey! Can anyone share thoughts/syllabi for any of the following classes in London: British Politics with Scott Kelly Into to Marketing with Rajesh Bhargave Architecture in London with Alan Powers Management & Organizations with Dorota Bourne Thanks!,(
resolved) hey! does anyone have a large thermos (or maybe something like the picture below) that i could use to put chai in tomorrow? please, i'll give you a cup 😊,
Hey guys! I'll be performing with the Abu Dhabi Choral Group (ADCG) along with Leanne Soriano Talavera, Ian Hoyt, and Yoon Haewon on the 16th and 17th at the Folklore Theatre! Would love to have everyone there!  You can buy a ticket off of me for a cheaper price, or purchase online or at the door when arriving to the theatre. There are three performances: Thursday the 16th at 7:30 PM Friday the 17th at 2:30 PM and 7:30 PM Message me for any questions you have. <3,
Hey, does anyone have a spare phone I could borrow for about a week. My phone broke down, and I just need to do MFA, doesn't have to be a smart phone, literally anything would work.,[
URGENT] Hey guys, does anyone know if there are any official stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who graduate (on time)? Alternatively, are there any annual stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who drop-out?,
tl;dr: volunteers needed Nov. 18th and 24th Hey guys! the Debate Union is hosting its Highschools debate tournament this weekend (18th) and the upcoming week (24th)! David, Sarah, Chris and Nicolaj have been working very hard to make it happen, but we still need some help! If you have some time any of those days, please reach out to me with the times that you'll be free and I'll put you in contact with them! Thanks all!! <3 xoxo,
Hey! Anyone have juggling balls they could lend me by any chance? Size does not matter.,
Hey guys, if anyone knows of post docs at nyuad right now (researchers or research instructors works too) in the sciences and engineering (Maths, CS, Psychology, Engineering, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics) and can give me their names and/or contact details, I really need them! Thanks!,
Hey, is Janice Liu no longer the person responsible for Student Portal posts?,
Hey guys, help me pick the easiest core possible for the next semester. I am choosing between Language of Computers - Sana Odeh Water - Awam Ampka Identity and Object - Fiona Kidd Other suggestions are welcome as well,
Hey, does anyone have an extra ticket for the Aeneid?,
Who leads the Chinese Cultural Club?,
Need some white/ silver fairy lights for an event this evening. PLEASE!,
want to get your PORTRAIT done by an awesome artist (me) AND help out a student in need (me) for his project (it's for a class)?? PM me (or comment here if you're scared of intimacy) a picture of your COOLEST SHOES and get a chance to be part of my awesome DRAWING SERIES! (coolest can also mean worn out and old-looking. also, i don't really care about colors as much as I do about shapes) (for clarification i would draw both YOUR FACE and YOUR SHOES) (it doesnt have any specific meaning/depth i just like drawing both shoes n faces) drawing quality not guaranteed thanks,
Anyone have a coat I could borrow for this weekend? will bring you a present from Athens in return!,
Really long shot but does anyone know where I can get acupuncture needles? It's for an art project. (resolved)Also, does anyone have a Buddha statue that they don't use for religious purposes and don't mind me lending for the same art project...? Will be returned in one piece.,
can I pm anyone who has opinions/thoughts on how or whether nail polish impacts one's wudu? thanks,
Thoughts on Sheetal Majithia (Postcolonial Turn) and Mario Chacon (Comparative Politics)?  The reviews already posted are a bit confusing.  Thank you!,
For anyone who has taken Directing the Non-actor: Singular Drama with Scandar Copti, are the evening monday sessions (6:30 pm-9:30 pm) a regular weekly thing, or do they just happen occasionally?,[
RESOLVED] Might be a bit of a stretch and also pretty minor, but - anyone has a spare pair of rubber earphone plugs like these? I lost one of mine today and buying new headphones bc of this seems silly. Please please!,
Spanish speakers? ( Fluent and/or native),
resolved im an idiot:  hey guys, i managed to lose my phone somewhere in a5b this morning. it has both my id and my room key as well. i'd really appreciate it if i could get it back, considering im officially locked out of my nyu accounts smh. thanks guys!! x,
Hey Guys! Any thoughts on Foundations of 3D with Sandra Peters?,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a male winter jacket or coat I could borrow for few days since I didn't pack for the cold weather in the NYC. Will repay in either goods from the US, meal swipes or hugs :),[
Resolved] Hey guys, I have two free golden circle tickets to Mumford and Sons.  First to comment gets them!,
If you're a Blockchain whiz and interested in building something awesome, I am setting up a dinner at the request of one of Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rashid advisors who wants to look into blockchain applications for the Dubai government. It's informal and the goal of the meeting is to set a for-profit venture with the said advisor to go after government projects.  The dinner is scheduled next week, followed by a meeting with the Dubai Land Department's management for those who are shortlisted from the dinner to explore possible applications. Let me know if you're interested (not looking for theoretical blockchain enthusiasts, looking for people who can develop blockchain based applications),
Required: People with great stories from their grandparents they can share. Next week is the 2nd episode of Things My Grandparents Told Me, and I need your stories! Please reach out with stories about love, war, both or anything at all!,
Hey guys. Is there a current film and new media major that is willing to speak to me about their experience? Please...,
Review on Sound Art; Jonny Farrow?,
Dear upperclassmen economics majors, I am planning to enroll for the principles of Macroeconomics next semester but I came across the following message. Does this mean that I can't take the course until I get to sophomore year? Has anyone done otherwise? I'm confused because given that it's an intro course and I have also done Markets, I should be clear for the course in Spring.,
Has anyone filled out a reimbursement claim form for our health insurance, and paid on the NYUAD citibank prepaid cards and knows what card details to put to get reimbursed? TIA!,
RESOLVED)People who worked/acted in The Aeneid, is it possible to get the music that was playing at the start/before the performance? Thank you,[
RESOLVED] I'm a little lost. The foreign travel form requests the travel start and end date. But my j-term course is in Abu Dhabi with an international trip, and I haven't been informed of when the trip will be happening during the 3 weeks of j-term. What should I be doing in this case?,
Any thoughts on the following courses?  And would love any recommendation for a good science core!!! (harder than ever to find one) 1. Theory on Everything with prof. Hisham Ahmad Sati  2. Uncertainties in Science with prof. Mallory S.E. Roberts  Thanks fam!,
Anyone who transferred from another university to NYUAD (preferably a local university but not necessarily) that would be okay with answering a few questions? 🙂,
Hi, I am looking for arabic speaking students that are interested in law!,
Anyone have a pie tin,
Shoutout to students in engineering and science department who want to show their projects/research to NYUAD donors.  Send me the links of your publications, photos of the competitions you've participated in,  3D models or awards, basically anything that we can use for an exhibition in the Office of Advancement and Philanthropy.  My email is: ek2522@nyu.edu,[
resolved] Has anyone applied/ went through the admission process for the NYU Shanghai campus as well and wouldn't mind sharing their experience?,
Thoughts on Concepts of Film and New Media with Awam Amkpa?,
Could I borrow somebody’s H6 tomorrow (Thursday) for a quick voiceover? Need it by 5PM, will be done in an hour. I promise I won’t ruin it...,
Plz anyone haz needle and black thread plz plz someone,
Does anyone have a fishing license and would be willing to answer some questions for one of my assignments??,
Hey guys! Did anyone have any experience in doing an internship that counts for credit? Preferably in the sciences?,
Is Psychology of Sex and Gender doable for someone who hasn’t taken any psych courses before? Also thoughts on Prof Napier please :),
panadols/painkillers please?,
Hey guys! Does anyone happen to have a belt/scarf in the following colors (orange/yellow)? Also, anyone have any black ballet flats in size 7/8? All will be returned by Nov. 18 :),
Hi I can't find any review on Khulood Kittaneh, how is she for Elementary Arabic I? Thank you :),
Hey!  Does anyone have two squash rackets, that you could borrow me real quick? Thx,
Hey Squash players! Jay Raja from Athletics will try to revive the Squash club this semester and he is scouting for interested people. Most likely it would be weekly sessions with coaching, but it's also a great way to find partners to practice on your own.  If you are interested, leave your NetID in the comments, and we'll try to set up a time that works for everybody!!,
Hey everyone, This is Gregory. On Monday Greg is flying to Georgia from Dubai and because of some complications and the fact that Jaisal Friedman is an asshole Greg has no one to travel with. He's searched for 2 weeks and no one has given this fine young whippersnapper a chance. Who can split a cab to Dubai with him? He's a great guy with a great GPA, he likes Dwayne Wade, tulips,  and does a great impression of Christian Bale doing his taxes.  He's 5'11 but 6'1 on tinder, is the captain of the NYU AD basketball team and can speak English Spanish and a flem of Hebrew. Contact him through Facebook if your interested.,
Hey, does anyone have a spare laundry basket that they'd be willing to sell?,
hey friends! this is for a project: please tag the artsiest people you know on campus below.,
hey does anyone have a photo of the shuttle schedule?,
hey does anyone have a Japanese/international adapter I can borrow for 1 hour?,
Hey guys! I need you to tag all those stylish ladies and gents on campus whose style you would secretly die for and who you would love to hear some fashion tips and tricks from!,
Hey fam! This is a long shot, but does anyone have an audio jack loudspeaker i could use for today? Thanks!,
Hello friends, does anyone have a blue storage box we could borrow for tonight pls?,
Hey, I was wondering if someone could share last year's  sample schedule for Political Science and Philosophy?,
URGENT: I want to go to Sri Lanka for fall break and finish class on Thursday afternoon. My friend I'm traveling with has Sunday classes and can't fly out until Sunday night/Monday. Would anyone who's going to Sri Lanka mind if I tag along for a few days before she arrives? Then she and I can travel safely together as a pair. (I'm afraid to go to a new country as a solo female.) HELP A SISTER OUT!,
hey, does anyone who has converted their home license in the UAE have any idea how much it costs including all fees? also did you have to get your license officially translated? just comment or PM me pls,
Hey! Is anyone going to the airport the night of the 19th? I know cabs are a little pricey so I was wondering if anyone was looking to split the fare. Please pm me if interested!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a definitive answer as to whether the Spring Housing App is due Oct 26 or Nov 17 for NYC Housing? Everyone I've talked to has given conflicting remarks, I am confused 😞,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Anyone seen a pink spiral notebook with a lot of linear algebra notes around? Rectangular, has tabs on it and has a 5 on the cover page. It's my little baby 😭 Will be eternally grateful! Thank you!,
Hey, anyone wants to go for the kayaking trip tomorrow (2-6pm)? It's free I'd love to go but have a lot of work.,
Hey guys! Any passionate , talented people willing to arrange something (a cover most probably) for battle of the bands? I can sing,  play the violin and a tiny bit the guitar. It'll be fuuun!:D,
Hey guys. This is just a friendly reminder to throw away your trash in the appropriate places. Don’t stick used gum anywhere you want to. There’s a garbage bin just a few steps away. Our campus is very clean, let’s all do our part in keeping it that way :),
hey friends!!! xx can anyone lend me a small/medium road bike for a few hrs of stress-relieving biking?? pls will repay with pasta/cake tomorrow!!! :c,
Hey! does anyone have marshmallows? will repay with hot chocolate! (preferably in A5),
Hey I have brand new gold beats that I'm looking to sell. Never took them out of the package -- let me know if you're interested!,
Anybody has experience in inaccessibility/ shortage/ cutdown of electricity at hometown? Looking for having a small talk with you for a research project! Comment or pm me if you are interested. THANKSSSSS✨✨,[
Resolved - for both me and Leonore] Hey hey pink-runners! Did anybody on the second bus back from Zayed Sports City find a purple nyuad bag with my NYU ID and key??  Global wings says a student might have it! Pls PM me ASAP,
Hey! does anybody have an Arabic 201 or 202 textbook I could borrow? Please!,
Hey guys, we are thinking about staying at Tilal Liwa Hotel for a couple of nights with some friends during fall break. Do you know of any driver with a car that could get us there and back to campus for a good price? Any estimates on fare? Thanks in advance!,
Hey, does anyone know who I should contact to get an I20 form from NYU? Or the email address for immigration services on campus? Thanks!,
Hey friends 🙂  I know this is a bit strange but I would like to ask for your help with something.  My boyfriend was nominated for the Sitecore Core Community Award 2018. (Sitecore is a web content manager)  Last year he became the first ever Latin American to win a Sitecore award. This year he is also the only nominee from a Spanish speaking country Latin American country. He is one of the most important community innovators for Sitecore in the region.  It would mean the world to me if you could vote for him 🙂  You can vote for him here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MMCD2CL His name is Santiago Morla.  Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone! No Lost Generations needs 9 storage boxes (preferably blue ones). If you have one or more that we can borrow, please let me know & one of us will pick it up :),
Hey everyone, Rudy, a professor's cat, has gone missing about 2 days ago. If you see him please call Christina at 056 207 1800.,
hey is anyone going to Egypt for fall break?,
I am doing a research on the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership), and would like to hear opinions from those who came from (or permanent residents of) the member countries.  The list includes Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam.,
Somebody on the first bus back from kayaking today forgot this small towel on the bus! Let me know if it is yours :),
Looking for people who have been to a high-school in the Emirates. Please tag your friends too!,
What's the best way to get around Ethiopia (5 guys) safely, and without getting too ripped off?,
Anyone else get a text like this? I received previous texts telling me to go to some centre, but when I asked the Immigration office they said it should be fine and to just wait until I receive an email that my passport is back... I will ask them again today about what to do, but anyone else in the same situation?,
LOOONG LOOONG LOOONG SHOT But does anyone know where I can buy myself a prosthetic leg? Or know someone who has a used prosthetic that they dont use anymore?  thank you.,
Hey guys.... Anyone know which restaurant delivers pizza on campus?,[
resolved] Does anyone have fake flowers/fake plants I can borrow? pls,
Is there any way I can escape the minor requirement for a math major? Any alternative? none of the possible minors interest me... Also, I would like to double major math/philosophy,
Is anything happening for Mental Health Week on campus? :),
Need a League of Legends player. Please.,
Does the arts center have any painting materials we can borrow? Acrylic, oil, watercolor, or tempera would be great :),
pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina)pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina),
Hey, so I'm in the process of picking my Colloquium for Spring (it's never too early ok), and I need students' opinions on the following Colloquiums if you have done so before. Would be appreciated so much, thanks. Colloquiums: -"Water" with Awam Amkpa -"Future of Medicine" with Piergiorgio Percipalle -"Disability" with Katherine Williams & Debra Levine -"Inequality" with Jeffrey Jensen  -"Gender" with Masha Kirasirova,
To whom could I file a complaint regarding the work of the immigration team? Maybe someone in charge? Or student gov committee?,
So no Reach ice cream event today?,
HELP. Found an injured dove on the stairs near C2. It can't fly and it's feet are caught on some rubbish that I can't remove. It's in a quiet room now, in a box with some bread soaked in water, which it ate a bit of. Am I doing anything wrong and what I should do next?,
Who's staying here during fall break??,
Hey does anyone have thread and beads for bracelet-making? Chur,
Anybody here who has been camping around the UAE and/or has any camping equipment they'd be willing to lend for a week, tops and/or knows any resources, has any tips for camping equipment, and camping in the UAE?  Thanks!,
Hey! Does anyone have trouble filling out the housing application for Spring 2018? :/ It says I can't access the section,
Yo, I found a pair of green earbuds near the bookstore, are they anyone's?,
Has anyone seen a pair of Apple earbuds with a cord that's wrapped in varying shades of green thread? The headphone jack is painted olive green. TIA <3,
Anyone heading back to campus from ANYWHERE in the United States the first or second week of November?,
Hey guys, When does the last bus leave from Dubai to Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys! Any idea where the bus from Abu Dhabi to Sharjah drops you off?,(
Resolved) Anyone who went to UWC willing to help a close friend with his application? I'd be eternally grateful. Thanks!,[
EATEN] Anyone want cherry tomatoes?  I'm leaving tomorrow and won't eat them by then.,
Anybody has melatonin pills? Por favor!,(
Resolved) I know this has been asked before but people that are going to be in Ghana for J term?,[
Resolved] Would anyone be interested in some almond milk? Purchased and opened today, used for solely one bowl of cereal, so it’s practically full. I don’t want to waste it.,
Does anyone have vanilla extract I could use? Just need a teaspoon. Pls and thank,[
RESOLVED] REQUIRED: Male of Pakistani/Bangladeshi nationality for voice acting. Hey guys! For a final project, we’re working on a project that represents different social realities present in Abu Dhabi.  In order to make the project happen we need a male Pakistani that is willing to be a voice actor. He’ll need to read around a page of text, and it’ll be recorded. Credit will be given during Open Studios (if desired), and we’ll definitely compensate you! Recording will take place tomorrow evening - will not take more than 30 mins. PM me or Sree Rag if you’re interested! Thanks!,
hey guys, anyone have an HDMI to apple thunderbolt converter that i can borrow for like 2 hours?  will be super thankful!,
hello, for the people who applied for the assistant job for the Louvre opening, do you want to share a cab with me to the meeting tomorrow at 6?,
People heading to Europe for fall break, I am selling euros. You can pay me in dirhams or dollars.,
Hey guys does anyone have a spare shoe box they wouldn't mind giving away? I need one that has the unattached lid.,
I REQUIRE YOU ALL TO READ THIS POST hey ladies and non-ladies, PINKTOBER IS HERE!! ❤️🎗️ We invite you to PINK-TASTIC, a collaborative event hosted by your RAs, Health & Wellness and NYUAD Faculty - come learn about the symptoms of breast cancer and how to conduct self examinations. Professor Leigh Graham will give a special talk to share her insights on self-care and women empowerment. AND treat yourself to some Magnolia cupcakes, pink-frosted donuts, strawberries, music and nail-painting while you're at it! 🍭🍥🍩 Date: Sunday, October 15th Time: 6-8 pm Venue: A5A 2nd Floor Lounge Show your support, empower yourself to take action against breast cancer. and celebrate breast cancer survivors with us! WEAR PINK coz ITS PINKTOBER!!! ALL IN, ALL PINK #TougherThanCancer #nyuadheart,
I have 2 extra tickets to this concert at Emirates Palace tonight if anyone is interested.,
Anyone has a baking pan and a measuring cup I can borrow? (Preferably A5) I'll pay you back with chocolate cake!,
Hey guys, if I want to take a class in New York next semester that isn't on the course equivalency chart, but I don't want it to be equivalent to any course in Abu Dhabi, do I still have to submit the Equivalency Proposal Form? Alternatively, does anyone know if the registrar is open tomorrow?,
Is anyone arriving at Abu Dhabi Airport at around 12:45 p.m on Saturday, 28th and willing to share a cab back to NYUAD?,
Should I try to get Indian Rupees here before traveling to India or is it easy to find ATMs at Delhi airport?,
A friend of a friend is missing in Peru -- would anyone know any relevant org/person/group to get in touch with? Thank you! ,
HEY anyone want to buy a ticket for this cool party. It's 70 dirhams online and 90 at the door, but buy it from me for 60. More info below:  https://www.eventbrite.com/e/old-schooled-silent-party-2-x-…,
Hey, my friend in Japan is doing a research on Matcha / Seafood consumption in UAE and Saudi, but she does not have many connections here, so it would be really great if some of us could help her to complete this quick survey. Many thanks!,
Hey y'all! Anyone know where exactly the board room in C2 is? (The Gazelle meeting is happening there today). Thank you!! :D,
Hey. Is anyone going to any mall  anytime today? Please hit me up.,
Hey everyone! Do you have any traveling stories about difficulties due to language barrier? Share with these capstone-ridden seniors! 😅 Jihyun, Shehroze, Tarik, and I are trying to create a mobile app that would help you in your travels, especially where language barriers might pop up. We'd love to hear your stories - about any time when you've encountered difficulties while traveling in a foreign country. Please comment or PM any of us. We'd really appreciate hearing about your experiences 🤗,
Hey! Someone who has a contact at Careem? Thanks!,
Hey guys, are the floor lounges still signed in to Netflix? Pls I just want to watch top gear,
Hey Frands, so all my fav shisha places have closed... any recommendations for good places that have indoor shisha aside from Rawaq? (I don't want to melt).,
Hey guys!  Anyone has any foreign coins (not Dirhams) that they don't mind giving away? As a coin collector, I'd really appreciate it but I also need some for a class entitled 'collecting' as I left my own collection at home 🙏🙈,
Hey! Does anybody want to swap my Fall 1 Rock climbing at 5:30 for Fall 2 at the same time? Thanks!,
hey! I am looking for people who took Computer Science / programming in high school - maybe even middle school or learned programming on their own or as some kind of extracurricular before college and are willing to answer a few questions! :) Thanks!,
Hey! So Maitha Alsuwaidi and I are super interested in starting Archery as SIG. If anyone else is interested please please drop me a message! Thankss,
Hey guys, this is asked before i know, but i didnt find enough restaurants, any good restaurants (authentic or mainstream as long as its good) in Prague? Thanks!,
Hey everyone! I lost my water bottle today-- either somewhere by the palm trees or in the dining hall. Please please help me find it, I've attached a photo Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone know how to make orange juice? I have oranges and a glass.,
Hey! Does anyone have a baking tray I could use today? Will repay in cake❤️,
Hey guys, does anyone know the nyuad guest wifi password? Thanks!,
URGENT: Hey! Does anyone have plastic cling wrap?,
Hey, I'm arriving at AUH at 20:05 on the 3rd. Does anyone want to share a cab? Pm me,
Hey guys. Looking for good tea shops for rooibos/ herbal tea. Any recommendations? ☕,
Hey guys! Need your help in finalising our plan for fall break. I'm travelling with a couple of friends and we've shortlised four places: (In no specific order) 1. Romania 2. Bulgaria 3. Kenya 4. Maldives However, we can't finalize one place. Which one do you recommend? And why?,[
RESOLVED] hey, has anybody in/around A2C got some blutac? will repay with nutella,
hey guys I'm doing a research project about poetry and social media - can y'all think of poets that are insta or tumblf famous?,
Hey, anyone have a big pot, baking tray and pan?,
HEY EVERYONE!!! Shahinaz and I are planning on going to Tanzania/Zanzibar for fall break. We are looking for fun awesome people to come join!! The more the merrier. Please PM me <3  (Also, don't be intimidated- she and I just met, so everyone who decides to come will all be relatively getting to know each other!),
Hey everyone! I can't seem to find this post again, and am wondering if anyone knows where in the arts centre this is taking place?,[
RESOLVED thanks to Danny boy] Hey everyone! I'm trying to buy my tickets for Fall break, but I'm having problems with my card. I don't have a UAE bank account yet, so I was wondering if I can use someone's card to pay for fall break tickets? It was around 2100 AED last time I checked (yesterday). I will pay you back in cash immediately. Thank you!,
RESOLVED THANK YOUU Hey guys.. so I managed to lose my cube the day I got it and i'm super upset and fidgety now so pls pls if u see it (possibly in the dining hall/library) pls send me a message :c   it looks like this!!,
Hey guys, if you know someone who moved to Dubai and looking to rent a room in Marina on a monthly basis, let me know (preferably a female).  Thanks!,
Hey if anyone please would be willing to be friends with Alejandro Mora he has none (spotted alone in the dining hall currently),
Hey Guys! I lost a gold ring today probably in D2 at around 12:30PM. It has a lot of sentimental value as it used to belong to my sister, so I really need to find it. If anyone finds anything that looks like the photo attached, I would be eternally grateful. [Resolved],
Hey Anyone in mathematical functions near a2c that i can take photos of the homework pages from,
Hey guys, where can I pick up my room key if I'm arriving late? (Sorry if it's been asked already cant find an answer),
Hey, is anyone volunteering for WorldSkills this Thursday? Looking for people to share a cab with me to the National Exhibition Center😃,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, anyone have oil I could use for cooking? Convenience store is shut (I think) and like a dumbass I started without getting any oil.,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have a spare notebook(s) by any chance? The medium/small ones are even better :) 💕 I didn't bring any from New York!! 😭,
TL; dr: free trip to Dubai at 2 pm, happy onam ;) ( pm for joining on the trip)  Hey Y'all, to all the Malayalees in here, Happy Onam!  For all of you who don't know what Onam is, it is essentially the Summer Harvest celebration in Kerala, that has its roots in Hindu mythology, but is celebrated by Keralites in its entirety . The most iconic symbol for this festival is the floral arrangement called "pookalam" so if you see these if and when you travel through the city, you know what it is now.  Anyone know of any events related to this festival on/off campus? Talking about travel, I'll be travelling to Dubai at 2 pm to my familia(in lieu of the celebration) so if you need to hop on I got space for 5.,(
Resolved) Hey! I am giving up my spot for bounce tomorrow. PM me if you want to claim it. Thanks,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
Hey! I've heard of non-credit language classes in the evenings. Where can I get more info on this?,
Does anyone have the syllabus for the colloquium "Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans"?,
Hey, I have some vouchers for Paintball and Go Carting for sale. Original Price: AED 240  I am willing to sell them at AED 120 One Voucher includes: 15 minutes of Go Carting 2 Paintball games Introduction into the game and a safety briefing All rental gear included The thing is they have to be used before September 30th, thats why I can't use them. Julius,
Hey guys,  I would like to give away my beddings provided by the university. This includes: 4 pillowcases, 2 pillows, 2 bedsheets, 2 bedspreads and the duvet.  I also have 2 large, 1 medium and 2 small towels to give away.  If anyone wants them, please comment below... * I might not have the time to give it away today as I'm leaving to Dubai but just posting this in advance. ** Only one more pillowcase left!,
Anyone have anything for fever/sore throat,
Found in A6, mind mattes stand,
What happens if i lost my box? Or otherwise what happens to the the box that wasnt stored? Help please, also if you see my box help as well,
Does the J-Term course Social Chameleons have a lab component (experimental inquiry)?,
Hey, does anyone have extra hangers?,
Required: the opportunity to speak up when I felt unable to do so last night. My friends and I have never experienced something of this sort on campus and I don't want it to start now. To the group of 5/6 guys who cat called me or some crap last night on the highline at around 3am near a5/a6 (loud whistling, "where you going?" "why are you running away from us?" "can we come?": this is a small school and an even smaller community. don't play a part in making it an uncomfortable and an unsafe one. respect each other and your fellow students, this place is home for a lot of us and one should at least feel as safe as possible in their home. you're lucky I didn't see your faces but I'm sure you all know who you are, make better decisions.,
Im not sure if this has been brought up before/ what is currently happening, but the amount of blocked websites are just insane... I'm trying to do some research and websites for alJazeera, Arab Women Organization and much more are blocked.. how can we bring this up?,11 books left! HI! Over the last year, I've given away over 100 books. I have around 30 more to give away. Please check out this link and let me know if you'd be interested in any of them (they're for free):,[
Sold] Selling a Splash Bash ticket!,*****
singing is also fine!!***** Hello everyone!! 😄😄 I'm posting this to search for people who are interested in both taking part in a band and anime songs: including Disney, Studio Ghibli, other Japanese anime songs (it's actually fine as long as you don't hate anime songs lol) XD I myself plays mainly acoustic guitar and some piano and also some other instruments in band such as bass, drum, and electric guitar which makes me be able to arrange songs for band in my style. Anybody who loves to play music and instruments, you are more than welcome to join!! 😝😝 If I gather enough people, I am planning to make this group (bands) as a SIG. The following page is my own facebook page of me playing guitar. Yunho Lee Just to make sure!! It can be any instrument as long as you can play it!! 😉😉  If you are interested please comment below with your net ID and instrument you can play!!8,
Anyone experienced in designing team jerseys? Please help! Thank You <3,
All the mugs have been claimed.,
Um... did the Arts Center actually start charging for their shows?,
Anyone has taken a leave of absence and returned on a j-term?,
Anyone willing to sell 2 tickets for Splash Bash please?,
Anyone who has done an on-campus student assistantship/research assistantship with any professor/department for more than a year?,
Hey everyone! My family found this Persian kitten on the streets, beaten up and dirty. After a visit to the vet and a wash, she's been with us. She is super cuddy and playful, and has a lot of love to share! Unfortunately, she has been diagnosed with Chorona. This is a disease transmitted through saliva and feces to other cats (humans are not affected!) This means she will have to stay away from other cats and animals to ensure others don't get infected. At home, we already have 5 others cats, and so we cannot keep her for long. We want to find for her a new home. Please spread the message and tag people who may be interested or could help. Thank you! Please message me if you have any questions!,
Anyone taking History and The Environment: The Middle East? Thoughts on the course.,
Anyone with a spare ticket for the Maysoon Zayid show tonight? (Resolved),
Hi! So, there are a total of 3 washing machines in A2A, out of which, only one is working properly.  I informed the security office this morning, who passed it onto maintenance. Any idea how long it might take before it gets resolved? Or, if I can report it directly to someone who can sort it out? On a side note, I don't think any of the dryers work properly either...,
Anyone who dropped out of Anthropology of Forced Migration and still has the Chronicle of the Guayaki Indians?,
Soo I'm kinda considering to pursue Philosophy as a major but I'm a bit confused. I'd reaallyy appreciate if any philosophy majors could text me & help me through some of my doubts/questions. Thanks!,
Where can I rent cycles for outdoor workouts ? Whom to talk to ?,
Anyone currently taking Classical Arabic Philosophy with Kukkonen and can answer a few questions about the class?,
Shreya Shreeraman you forgot your ID in Baraha. Pick it up asap.,
resolved!! Hey guys! does anyone have a baking pan for a circular cake? preferably around a5b. theeeeenksssssss will repay in love and cake,
Is there a taekwondo SIG in school? Or any taekwondo people?,
does anyone have any paints/painting supplies i could please borrow for this afternoon?,
My etisalat number just got out of service. The voiceover says I need to update my informations? Has anyone experienced this before? Do I absolutely need to visit their store? I do not have the Emirates ID yet, so does passport help during my visit to the Etisalat Store? Thanks.,
Hey! How do we book the activity rooms behind the baraha? Through Student Portal? If so, how? Any help is much appreciated!!!,
who's in charge of the Culinary SIG?,
Looking for Vanilla Extract, Mixed Spice, and those paper cup thingies that go into a muffin tray. Free muffin in it for you!,
Hello guys, A friend and I have established a non-profit organization which is based in Tanzania. It helps to connect volunteers with host families and places to volunteer in Tanzania. It was sad to learn how much money volunteers have to pay the international volunteering organizations everytime they wanted to come to my country. We also have discounted safaris for students. I will really appreciate if anyone is willing to share with me videos or pictures which you took during your visit to Tanzania, which I will use to promote my website. https://www.summertz.org. I will also appreciate a lot if you have any suggestions about our website or if you see any misleading information. Thanks.,
Hey guys i lost a bag with NYUAD or EuroMilano written on it with this shoes inside. If you find it please contact me Thanksss,
Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?,
Recommendations for good hands-free Bluetooth earphones please?,
Hey guys, can someone just quickly translate a part in a German contract for me? EDIT: I would just need you to find a sentence in it and translate it to English.,
Anyone knows if our residency is linked to our names on the UAE government system or to our passport numbers? (I renewed my passport while away from AD and I'm not traveling with my old passport that has residency physically printed on it because I thought it residency expires when away, but given new rules I should enter with it now?!) any thoughts what may happen?,
Hey guys, do you know when the salon (on campus) provides discounts?,
Anyone in Prejudice who can share the syllabus with me? Thank you!,
Any RA that I can text now ?,
Hey. Has anyone ever taken Multivariable Calculus at NYU Shanghai?,
Hey guys, can someone please help me by downloading this paper for me (http://www.cell.com/neuron/fulltext/S0896-6273(17)30694-3…) and sending it to my email (ji520@nyu.edu)? My current university's library, for some reason, doesn't give me access to Cell/Neuron publications haha.  (sidenote from an alumni: appreciate all the perks of NYUAD that you don't even realise you have - like free access to most, if not all, online journals :DDD).,
Hey guys!  Anyone forgot a Geoffrey Beene medium size sweater last year in A2A 505?,
Hey guys, I'm looking for recommendations on a chiropractor in AD? My eternal back pain thanks you in advance 🙃,
Hey NYUAD Community! As y'all are getting back into town, we at Blacksmith wanted to invite you to join us in making our campus more sustainable. You can now bring your own to-go cup to Blacksmith and get it filled with our batch brewed coffee for only AED 10. That includes those huge, American, 20oz monster mugs. We hope to see you soon.,
Hey guys! I just wanted to know when can we get our books from the book store?,
Hey everyone, what should I do if my nyuad card is expiring this month?,
Hey everyone! So an egyptian friend of mine is planning a solo trip to the balkans (he mostly wants to do Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro but up for others). Any suggestions on things to do or cities/towns to visit? What would be the best plan/track to follow? Thanks.,
Hey Guys, I want to gauge interest for a SIG for cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ethereum, etc) and blockchain study. This is a rapidly developing field with lots of rooms for growth and overnight millionaire life. Please comment below your netID if you're interested.,
Hey guyyys! Incoming freshmen willing to salsa or/and bachata her way through the first semester:D are there any latino dance classes there? Haven't seen any on albert. Thanks a lot!!♥,
Hey there! Does anyone have any really high quality iconic pictures of Abu Dhabi or NYUAD they wouldn't mind sharing with me? (They would be used as reference images for a potential art work) thanks!,
Hey Everyone.  Salon holds bi-weekly (Sunday at 9:00PM) gatherings with a different theme every time, including; equality of man an woman, racism, love, Infinity and many more in order  to create an opportunity to unite in a tranquil environment and reflect on inspiring themes and the common threads that tie us all together.  The goal is to provide a medium for group devotion, prayer and meditation; where people, regardless of their background, can come together to discuss how to develop ourselves, our communities and the world. (You do not have to go to every single gatherings you can attend the gatherings based on the topic of discussion) If you would like to join please write your email in the comments and feel free to follow us on instagram @salonnyuad,
Hey people :) Who here uses KOREAN skincare products - especially (but not exclusively) if you're not Asian? Could you answer a few basic questions on your experience?,
Hey,
guys!!:D Any people from Abu Dhabi who have attended an international highschool there? I met a mom who wants to send her girls there. Could you send me the website link/fb page? Thanks a lot!:D,
Hey guys, there is an orientation for new faculty tomorrow and couple of students will be speaking about experiences in and out of the classroom. Is there anything you wish faculty knew about our experience? What do faculty seem to miss or misunderstand?,
resolved:  Hey y'all. Not sure if anyone would have this, but does anyone know the library timings for this part of the summer?,
Hey :) Sorry if this has been asked before but what's the process to take a class Pass/Fail? Do I just email the registrar or?,
Hey guys, anyone know how should I go about authorising a friend to take my boxes out of storage?,
Hey guys! Has anyone seen a black & white purse at the Red Theatre today?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course contextual travel (FYWS) I have been enrolled on outsider but unlucky it is clashed with MVC , I need to change the FYWS  can someone give me a brief review about this course  thanks,
Hey! Do we have access to any form of online servers that we can run applications on? Something like Amazon EC2. Thank you!,
Hey guys! Incoming freshman here: Is there any SIG/Meeting/event at NYUAD where we get to (informally) talk about cultural similarities/differences; exploration of student cultures/spritulal pathways and that kind of thing? Something run by the Student Life office perhaps?,
Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course Circuit Breakers by Jonathan Farrow. (I searched already but didn't find much).,
Hello :) incoming freshman here. Thoughts on: Indigeneity (Mark Swislocki) Dignity and Indignity (Mahnaz Yousefzadeh),
Anyone currently in New York or who will be in New York by Tuesday and wants Kaplan GRE study books?,
Hey, so would it be best to exchange dollars for dirhams at Chicago Airport, Abu Dhabi airport, or Yas Mall??,
Did anyone take the FYWS: The Art and Aesthetics of International Aid with Samuel M Anderson? It was new last spring if I am not mistaken? Reading the course description, I don`t really know what this will be about. Or does anyone have experience with Prof. Anderson at least? How is he as a person and as a teacher in terms of workload, presentation of the material, grading?,
I need to talk to Engineering majors who have used their major to attempt to solve some social/environmental problems locally or otherwise, or are currently doing so. Plz comment or inbox me :) thank you!,[
PAID] Looking for someone experienced with making posters (Film/Movie specifically) MSG ME,
Hello! Does anybody have any opinions on Jonny Farrow? Is he a good professor etc..  Thank you in advance! <3,
I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and it recently has been consistently overheating and restarting... This happens about every 10 minutes. Has anyone else had this problem/know how to fix it?,(
Another one, sorry) Recs on (Montevideo) Uruguay? I have a friend who has just arrived there for study abroad and would love recs on anything from places to eat to where to hang etc etc. Also anyone there that I could connect her with? I would be very grateful :),
longshot but does anyone want to buy a roundtrip flight ticket from Dubai to Sofia from August 23-30 for $150?,
Who do I contact if my Citibank credit card has expired? (I'm guessing there's a host of us who have this problem?),
Hey all! This article was in the paper today concerning Pakistani kids in Dubai that can't pay for their school. I'm in touch with the reporter and she's looking to increase publicity on this issue to obtain more community support. If there is interest from NYUAD students to support this cause, she's looking to write an article to create more awareness and she'll help us figure out more ways to help the students and their families. If you'd like to contribute your support (through social media or donating time or money), please comment your netID below. Thank you!,
Hey guys, can anyone that's been soft blocked by NYU Careernet offer me some insight? Very confused as to what exactly this means aside from not being able to find jobs through Cateernet (also since I can't make an appointment with them I can't ask them myself lolzies). Any help is appreciated!,
Hey seniors! Are you done with finals? Congrats on finishing your undergrad 🎉 Come pick up your commencement attire and ma'a salama tickets in the West Forum! We're here till 5pm today. Yalla!,
Hey y'all!  Blacksmith will be open tomorrow from 8am to 3pm. Unfortunately, no take away coffees. 😒 But our "for here" cups are gorgeous so its okay!,
Hey peoplee! Anyone knows of someone who needs a babysitter during the summer in NY?? Pleasee help me out :D  Thanks fam!!,
Hey I have a request for anyone who is in or near Dubai right now (or going to be there in the next 36 hours). I have a friend that goes to U Chicago and they have a competition called Scav (it's a giant scavenger hunt) and they need a picture of someone in front of the Burj al-Arab holding a sign saying "BJ Scav 2k17, #RealBigFish" if anyone is nearby and has the chance to do this for me I would be so so grateful!,
Hey! I'm looking for an apartment in London and Paris for the summer. Any suggestions? Anyone I could reach out to for some advice/ help? Thanks!🌞,[
Resolved!]Would anybody be willing to help with a play(two-scenes) reading this coming Wednesday? Looking for someone who can read and speak Hindi, I'd be super grateful if you could help out. Please please please, thank you! :),
Hey guys, I need two voice actors for a class project,, :( would really appreciate it, I need 2 males, one to act as a crazy antagonist (think something like the joker) and someone to voice the lines for a victim character. I'll like give you a hug and send you dank memes :( we can record during the weekend and it won't take long, the lines aren't much. Pls ppl <3 ;-;,
Hey guys! Anyone has anymore commencement tickets? I really need two more.,
Hi! Does anyone know where we get the box to pack down our stuff for the summer? Where do we pick it up and where do we leave it? 🙂,
Hey! Is here someone who took the study away in Florence and had Elementary Italian (and still has the book)?,
Hey if anyone has PDFs of these textbooks (FoS 3&4) I would be super grateful if you could share them with me!,
Hey, does anyone have extra tickets for graduation? I'd be really grateful!,
Hey, anyone that's Lebanese or knows someone who is thats majoring or mastering in economics, business or anything that has to with finance please dm me.,
hey, long shot but does anyone know where I can:  1) leave two boxes and take them back next week when I'm back for summer school.  2) leave two boxes in an accessible place where someone who's not from the university can come and take them tomorrow.  (Given that I don't have any storage lockers or boxes. ),(
resolved) Hey guys, at around 10:20am today I put my bed linens in dryer 3, in the A2B laundry room. If someone took them out please tell me where you left them, bed linens all look the same :/,
Hey is anyone free 2pm on Sunday to help me set up for an exhibition in A6?,[
Resolved] Hey, anyone know what happens when our Citibank cards expire?  Are we getting sent new ones or do I have to start using the NBAD account? Also, I've got dirhams for your US dollars if anyone wants to exchange,
Hey guys, Sheba and Ben are working on their capstone (opening tomorrow!!) and they need some statues of deities from different religions. If you are willing to lend some statues, please let me know ASAP! Thanks! :),
Anyone have a spare storage box? I forgot the mailroom isn't open on Fridays...,
hi! when do dining dirhams and swipes expire?,
Any thoughts, or anyone willing to brief me on the syllabus/work for Thinking Theater with Edward Ziter? :),
Hey is anyone aware of whether we have vr controllers as well as headsets? Artem?,
To the people who have taken the LSATs and those who are currently preparing for it, how does one go about preparing for it? Also, is there anyone who could lend/give/ direct me to a place where I could possibly get LSAT reviewers?  Thank you in advance! :D,
Best place to buy condoms in AD?,
Hi rising sophomores! Since my sister Ilona has been offering my essay reading services, I figured I would post here. If you still are looking for someone to give you feedback on your study abroad essay, share it with me on Drive (or, well, whatever you use) at ms8390@nyu.edu  I'd be super happy to help!,
Anyone getting rid of Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi?,
Aside from the many water dispensers that exist in the dining hall and C2, were any water dispensers/fountains installed on residential floors following the discontinuation of 500 ml water bottles?,
Are there shuttles for summer arrivals? If not, does anyone want to share a cab from the Abu Dhabi airport (T1) back to campus? Arriving at 10:30 am on May 27.,
What are the study away essays supposed to be like? Are they more formal like a personal statement, or can we stylize them like we would a Common App college essay? If anyone has an example of their past essays I'd be so grateful, I'm pretty stuck on what to write for mine.,
Hey, I just wanted to know is it possible to withdraw from a class now? I was taking a 2 credit music class to boost my GPA but I think it's going to lower it given how musically talented I am.,
pls can someone lend me their sultry voice for a film about stem cells (preferably female),
Did anyone take 35mm filmmaking in Prague who wouldn't mind answering a few questions?,
REALLY long shot - does anyone want the Gov. & Religion books (2 extremely fat binders full of first amendment cases)? Feeling terrible throwing so much paper away 😐,
Guuuuys, does anyone know if upperclassmen get large cardboard storage boxes? :D,
Hey guys, Can anyone who's taken: - Stats for Social Sciences - Intro to Political Thinking - Legal Systems & Methods lend me their books for the summer? Thank you!,
Hey guys, for those staying for the startAD bootcamp, do we get meal swipes and/or dining dirhams?,
Anyone staying in AD for the summer and who's still on campus: im giving away a guitar.  I would have loved to find a way to keep it, but im away and couldnt. PM me ASAP pls if you are willing to pick it up.,(
Resolved) Need one actor to reshoot a part of a short film, need someone who can pass for a Pakistani adult. Will take a max of 15 minutes -- will be paid 50aed,
Hey guys, I cant find my skateboard. Any help would be appreciated. I last left it on the shrubberies near the garage exit.  It is a black penny board with green wheels.  Cheers!,
Is it possible for courses to double count for both IM minor and a technology core? Any suggestions about taking IM courses in Shanghai?,
Hey guys! Does anybody have olive oil? (Will repay with a piece of Moldovan Placinta) Thanks!,
Hey guys. I have 38k miles on my American Airlines account that are expiring in August. Any ideas/suggestions on the best way to preserve them? Are they worth saving for?  P.S.: if anyone is buying a ticket for travel within the US, I'm willing to buy it for you with my mileage at a much lower price than the face value. Thanks.,
Hey, guys! Any thoughts on Art of Narrative Science with Charles Siebert? 😇,
Hi, tragically uninformed person here. Has anyone who has ever made a Bursar e-check payment with their Citi card tell me what the routing number is, or kindly allow me to PM you?,
anyone know of someone with a place to rent or who is looking for a roommate in new york? my dates are sept '17 to may-ish '18.,
Anyone planning on going to the U.S. Embassy this Thursday (May 4th) morning or Sunday (May 7th) morning?,
What do we do with books that we do not want to keep? Is there a place on campus to donate them?,
Hey friends, I've lost a pair of black metal Rayban sunglasses. Clubmaster style, small crack in the lens. They've been missing for a while and aren't at public safety. Please PM me if you've found them! TIA :) :),
Hey everyone! Milica, Matilda, Shereena, Ruta, and I are doing a project about Academic Stress at NYUAD, and we would greatly appreciate if you filled out this quick survey on your experiences with academic stress: ,
Hey, does anyone have a bucket or a plastic bowl that I could borrow for 15 mins?,
Hey girls, please please avoid being my roommate at A5B room 311, you'll thank me xoxo,
Hey! Thoughts on Zeynep Ozgen? I'm thinking of taking Ethnographic Field Research next sem. Any help is much appreciated.,
Hey guys! Anyone who has been to Kathmandu before, would you be willing to give me some advice? I'm thinking about heading there between the end of the spring semester and the beginning of summer courses, but I'm struggling to put a plan together. Thank you! :),
Hey, I'm selling one ticket to Russ tonight. PM if interested :),
Hey people! Is there somebody who studied away their whole junior year at two different NYU sites and would be able to answer a couple of questions? Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone,  If you're interested in competing in a livestreamed League of Legends tournament with prizes comment your net IDs. There are limited spots. It'll be here on campus at the end of April, hosted by MSI and Paused.,
Hey, I'm waiting for the CDC to get back to me about funding but I kinda need to know... Is there someone interning in Dubai over the summer that is still looking for a flatmate? Or in the same situation (if you get funding you will live in DXB)?,
Urgent -  Hey guys! Does anyone know how long it takes to renew your student visa once expired? And if there is any way to speed up the process? Thank you!,
HEY PEOPLE! Apparently, there is a possibility to request an Accounting course in London! (It's not offered) So then we can take FFM and Accounting together in London!  Who's interested? I'm going to speak with Chuck Grim if there are at least 5 people interested! Comment your netID bellow!,
Hi people! Anyone interning in Abu Dhabi close to Media City (twofour54) from mid June till the end of the summer?,
To everyone that has taken ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 1 and/or ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 2 (sophs, juniors, seniors!): In conversation with professor Ali, myself and several other students in Orgo Chem 1 are writing a proposal to Dean Schiccitano to make Orgo Chem 1 and 2 5-credit courses (3+2 = lecture+lab), which is more appropriate to the large workload that the lecture and lab entail. If you agree with this and would like your signature on this proposal, please comment with your Net ID below and I will send you the drafted proposal to sign it.,
Hey all! Latino Night is coming up and we're looking for volunteers to take pictures throughout the night. It would be Thursday, April 27 from 6 to 10 pm. I'd be so thankful, Hmu if you're interested! ♡,
Hey, does anyone know an optics in the city, where I can fix broken glasses?,
Hey, everyone! I need to take 1 Elective: from another Art major (e.g. MDMED, MUSIC, THEAT, VISAR) to fulfill my major requirements, do you have any classes that you would recommend?,
If you're a freshman taking data structures/algorithms this semester this is a message for you!!! As you may know, the CS department is basically forcing our study away to be on Junior fall, and at the moment, the operating systems class is only offered on the fall semesters. OS is a prerequisite to other classes including networks (required) and electives (computer security and I think databases, and you must take at least one CS elective in AD). This means that as of now, you would have to waste one of your classes in New York by taking OS, or be unable to take some of the electives if you opt to take it Senior fall. I talked to Godfried today and put this on his radar, and he agrees it is a waste, so if enough people are willing to take the class Sophomore Spring the CS department will consider offering the class. (By the way, you will be fresh with CSO concepts that are used for the class!) If you are interested, please comment/PM so this can move forward!,
Hello friends! (Heads up: Not a post about Latino Night) Where can I take out my lovely mama to lunch? Description of what I'm looking for: 1) Good Ethnic food (Doesn't matter where from, but Non-Latino) 2) A place with a nice view (Ideally, not a necessity),
Hey guys, does anyone know how to create infographics? I need a person or a place that is willing to transform a document into a work of creative and informative infographics.  It's for pay btw! Thank you!,
Hey guys, does anyone know where I can view my current financial aid package? Need to fill in the exact amount on the CSS Profile. Thanks.,
Hey, I was wondering if anyone had the required books for Foundations of Mathematics or Real Analysis so that I can borrow them over the summer?,
Hey guys! I missed the housing app deadline but I was hoping to room with Hazem so I would appreciate it if no one took room A6A 502D. Thanks!,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, has anyone tried to change rooms on the housing app and wasn't able to? (didn't get the room change button) If so, does anyone know how to fix it?,
Hey, does anyone in A6B have a vacuum I could use?,
Anyone with experience of getting housing without applying for research funding in Abu Dhabi? I missed the deadline.,
Hey, Anyone got their Summer Research Funding decision?,
Hey guys, what places deliver good cakes to campus? Thank you!,
Hey guys! Did we receive the financial aid application/ CSS profile for this year yet? (Doesn't it come around first week of April?),
Does anyone have Otrivin?,
Hey guys! There's a project I am working on and I would really appreciate it if you could comment your "foolish" dream (can be a childhood dream too) Thank you xoxo,
hey!! Can anybody help move something in the arts center?,
RAs 2017-18 please comment below) Thanks,
Hey guys, does anyone know to whom to report to regarding bullying in the university?,
Students taking/enrolled in Cognition in the Fall and wouldn't mind changing the timings?,
Hey, what is the situation with accommodation between Spring and Summer semester?,
Could anyone please send me the syllabus for the Forensic Science core? My net id is nab451, thank you!,
Could the cost of changing a flight ticket (3 weeks earlier) be equivalent to the cost of the actual flight ticket? Nirvana surprised me 😂😂😂 Any experience? at least slightly close?,
Has anyone seen a grey NYU SnapBack (cap) last known location D1🙏🏽,
Classes with a whole load of class participation but chill written workload?,
URGENT  Doesn't anyone have any clothes or accessories with anti NYU or Anti NY logos on them.  What I mean by this are clothes like a Boston Red Sox hats, jerseys, Celtics stuff, UCLA shirts GEORGETOWN, Berkeley apparel. Things that signify rival schools or sports teams to anything related to NYK.  Anything that would piss off a NewYorker would be highly appreciated.,
Who to talk to for student disciplinary actions,[
RESOLVED: Thank you so so so much Lama! I knew I could count on this school ♥] LOST: this beloved water bottle that I even took a picture of because I figured I would lose it at some point :( last seen in D2 / living room / A2B lounge and I've checked all those places but maybe you people are more observant than me? Please please please if you see it let me know I will be eternally grateful and shower you in love and dining dirhams <3 P.S. it also has a "fight like a girl" sticker on it not pictured here,
Hi, did this mess up anyone else's schedule?,
I'm doing research at a climate modeling lab at NYUAD. The lab would like to work with students interested in climate and environmental science. We're mainly trying to create interest among students and there aren't particular objectives set beforehand so the research will be flexible. The work may involve exploring data on a particular climate change phenomenon, for instance. And if the student wants to explore their own climate change problem (understanding glacier melting in antarctica or exploring the El-Nino etc), they can work on that topic with a lot of autonomy. There will most likely be statistics and data analysis in the work. But someone with basic programming experience (file handling etc) and a good background in science and math can fit the role. This may start as a summer internship and the student may end up continuing work with the lab for capstone and beyond. Climate studies is a scientifically rich subject and what these models can do is pretty crazy. I'd think many students will like this. Please let me know if you're interested.,
Does anybody know who to contact for 3D printing in the Arts Center? Thanks!,
Hey, Guys! Any thoughts on Utopias and Dystopias (the core class)?,
Hey guys does anyone know if there are any consequences and what they are if I withdraw from a summer course after signing the confirmation of funding form?,
Hey guys! So I wanna take some art courses next semester and I was wondering how heavy is the work load for Foundations of Art History I and Foundations of Photography and Lens Based Media! (I'll be doing FOS 3 and 4 as well) Thanks in advance!!! :),
anyone got 2 tickets to barakah meets barakah on sun? pls pls pls,
Wondering if there's someone in particular I can talk to to ask a question about the Al Khayr awards? Not sure who the point of contact is exactly. Thanks!,
I can't check my balance on my Citibank card and I just keep getting this message, "The system is currently unavailable. Please retry later." Has this happened to other people before?,
One free ticket to watch Fast and the Furious 8 (Comment net ID) :),
Required: Information about the painted stairs/walls in Amman. More info: I am writing an essay about street art in major cities and I was wondering if anyone knows any detailed information around when this movement began, who started it? etc etc I have found some information but can't seem to find many detailed news articles etc. Any help would be much appreciated! http://www.jordantimes.com/…/volunteers-use-graffiti-add-co… http://www.jordantimes.com/…/youth-initiative-uses-public-a…,
Anyone who's taken a beginner oud course in the past? Please comment, I'd like to PM you with a few quick questions.,
Hey guys!! I deleted an important folder, also deleted it in the trash :( How do I retrieve it again???,
Hey, anybody who knows how to unsubscribe from WolframAlpha Pro? Their information pages are useless and the website's designed to prevent you from unsubscribing. Any help is appreciated.,
A file tray? something resembling this? need for just like an hour or so.,
Reading GLASSES FOUND (black frame) in the Library Study Room 404! Library closes at 8pm today so hurry up if you want to get them from the front desk. Otherwise they will be given to Public Safety (and I am not sure if you will be able to get them before Sunday).,
Hey everyone :) I know there has been a lot of talk over what D1 will be used for. I would really appreciate it if you guys could take this short survey over D1 I am doing for a class. We would like to know what the student body wants D1 to be used for.  Thanks in advance! ,[
Note: please be logged into your nyu account before accessing this folder!] Hey everyone, the Mock Wedding pictures can be found here:,
HEY YOU! Are you interested in consulting, wealth funds, entrepreneurship or even cyber security?   Then, we are requesting your presence on Thursday, 20th of April, 6 P.M. at the CDC!,
Anyone has Emirates miles that you're never gonna use and willing to sell to me? Thank youuuu,
Hey! Anyone staying over the break and might want to adopt my fish Waffles for a week? He's super easy and just likes affection.,
Hey guys, looking for book recommendations in philosophy, physics, math and computer science. Or anything else you think I might like really... Not a looking for a text book but maybe a bit more nuanced than my primary school readings.  If I can understand it, great. If it gives me existential crises, amazing!  If I can spew out the random facts I learn to mascuerade  as a learned person, brilliant! If I can listen to it, spectacular!,
Hey, Probably a long shot but, A couple of friends (3 girls and myself) are planning on going to Egypt for spring break. Anyone (preferably guys) willing to join us? We're currently planning our itinerary in A6C. Message me if you're interested :'(.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, anyone heading to the airport tonight around midnight and want to share a cab? :),
Hey everyone! I'm from the class of 2014 and am now in law school in DC. I will re-post this closer to the end of your school year, but if you are interning or visiting DC this summer I'm renting out my studio apartment. Let me know if you are interested in details!,
Hey guys, so for one of my classes I need to conduct a mock counseling interview using a "mock client". This has to be somewhat of a relative stranger to me, so essentially a friend of a friend works.  I was wondering if anyone knew someone in New York who would be willing to take part in this 30 minute conversation or at least ask around for someone who would be willing to do so. If you know of anyone interested could you please PM me and I could give some more information. Thanks in advance.,
Hey friends -- anyone willing to exchange dirhams for dollars?,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Does anyone have a cupcake/muffin tray I could borrow for the night (preferably in A2A :)) Will be rewarded with cupcakes!,
Hey guys! Does someone have a tent that they would be willing to lend to me from tomorrow ( March 13th) to March 20th? I promise to take good care of it!,
Hey. Does anyone have a magnifying glass that i can borrow till wednesday next week? Thank u,
Hey. I have a friend from the University of Cambridge trying to get in contact with Tisch students (as many as possible). Preferably someone that studied anything comedy related. If you are an NYUAD student that has taken classes at Tisch feel free to hit me up!  Thanks!,
Hey guys!I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :) Please help!!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a contact (staff/faculty/professional in the city) who'd be willing to join a panel discussion on women empowerment in times of crisis (on April 16th)? Or anyone well-versed in this area whom I can get in touch with?  (PM for details),
Anyone has friends/relatives who work in the advertising industry? Best, if in the region. lNeed some industry expertise. Thanks a million!!!,
Hey. Anyone who speaks Urdu? I really need some help for a project.,
Hey Gamers, anyone knows where I can buy a Razer Blade (14" or 13") laptop in the UAE? Can't find it on Souq.com,
Anyone who has experience finding housing in Zanzibar or has knowledge on housing in Zanzibar?,
Hey! Anybody have the syllabus for "Introduction to Accounting" (preferably the summer one). Thank you!,(
resolved) Are the online video classes for GRE (Manhattan Prep) useful? Or are the self-study books enough? Thanks!,
Do we have a print allowance?,(
resolved!) hey guys does anyone have spare anti-malaria pills they don't need anymore and wouldn't mind giving away? :),
last minute question re: summer internship funding, is it okay if the offer is made via email? or do i have to ask my boss to draft a proper letter,(
resolved) does anyone have butter milk or vanilla extract? pls pls will repay with brownies and cupcakes,
Hey guys, Is the Chief Economist of Brunei really gonna be on campus today? When??,
There is a cat in front of D2 that is limping and its face is scratched (and is also continuously sneezing and retching). Anybody knows how to help or call a vet?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have extra index cards I could have? :) :) I would greatly appreciate it!,
Happy Int'l Women's Day!! Looking for female volunteers who are willing to be photographed (and willing to tell me a little secret) .. diversity is what I'm looking for ...details will be revealed personally,
panadol preferably around a2c pls,
Are there any graduates that went to NYU law school afterwards?,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to enter the billing address for our citi cards to pay for things that require a zip code? I'm trying to donate to Tamy's gofundme page but I can't! PS, donate here! ,
I'm thinking of potentially videoconferencing with the former Executive Director of the Bitcoin Foundation, the industry's oldest trade organization. We could discuss and speculate together the future of the digital currency (or digital currencies in general). Please comment your netID here if you are interested in the event, which would happen after the spring break, probably mid-April. Thanks!,
Places to stay in Amman? Looking for the best quality to price ratio! Thanks!,
Hey guyzz, I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :),
Hey guys I am trying to break down 100&200 dirham bills into 50 or smaller.  Anyone looking to get rid their small bills? Thank you,
Virtual Reality is so 2016, be up with the times and learn Augmented Reality! There is a cool SUMMER course being offered (ENGR-AD 120 Human + Machine: Applications in Mediated Reality) Further details: Designing Genius: Summer Course in Abu Dhabi in Partnership with Etihad Airways (4 credits) Enrollment is open for Professor's Christian Grewell and Eliot Gattegno's course this summer in Abu Dhabi. We feel this will be a fantastic opportunity for students from all disciplines, but especially those interested in the intersection of interactive media and business. The Details: Combine theory and practice, with practice on site at a major business organization, Abu Dhabi-based, which is at the forefront of many technical, organizational, culture-spanning challenges and opportunities. The course runs Summer Session, May 28 - June 22 in Abu Dhabi A rare opportunity to work directly with executives across all functions at one of the world's biggest airlines. The professors, Christian and Eliot, have designed the course teach and combine skills and expertise across disciplines, including the Humanities, IM and Computer Science. Here's the Course Description (ENGR-AD 120): In this course, students will tackle Etihad Cargo’s real-world business challenges through the lens of human-centered design while learning fundamental building blocks of computer vision, augmented reality and sensor technology. This course sits at the forefront of the state-of-the-art in technology and design to challenge students to be creative in both their application of technology and their design of solutions with a real-world impact. Students will work directly with the course partner, Etihad Airways, one of the world’s leading airlines, to design, develop and test technology-enhanced solutions to real-world business challenges. Students will come away with a much better understanding of not just how to create interactive technology-enhanced prototypes and modern design practices, but also an appreciation for how to propose, enact and manage change across a multi-disciplinary/cultural modern organization. PLEASE NOTE WHEN REGISTERING:  Registration for summer courses is not through Albert. Rather you'll need to submit an application through a form available on the NYUAD Student Portal  The deadline was Wednesday but we have extended it until the end of the week. If you have questions about the course, feel free to email christian@nyu.edu.,
Tips on how to stay up for 3 days (with like 2 hrs of sleep max). Is it doable? lol,
Hey guys, anyone knows how to apply our 10% Lufthansa discount?,
Has anyone taken Corporate Finance in Stern?,
Planning a trip to Georgia, is it true that an Emirates ID is enough to get visa on arrival (group with American and Sri Lankan passports)? Also do people have any recommendations for places to go in Tbilisi? Thank you so much!!!!!,
Hey guys, who can lend me a sandwich bag ? need it for traveling,
Hey,  I'm travelling to Prague for the Spring Break, and wanted to plan day trips in and around the Czech Republic, as well as neighboring cities (thinking Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, Wroclaw, Bratislava at the moment) Anyone who has done this kind of trip, or is from these places, and can advise me on how to go about it? Also suggestions on what to do/see in Prague :) Thanks!,
Hey! Just wanted to know whether we have a Golf SIG at NYUAD? Or of anyone knows in P.E. Golf is still being offered and what levels? Thanks!,
Hey all,  The Office of First Year Experience is looking for some parents (of NYUAD students) who live nearby and would be willing to come over to campus to take part in a Marhaba-related promotional video with their children. All they have to do is ask a series of questions (e.g. what will my child be eating or where will he/she be living etc), which will be provided to them. The student in question will be in the video as well.  This will take approx. 2 hours, plus a lunch for all the participants! If you/your parents are interested in this, please leave your netID below asap and I'll email you with further details!,
Hey, How do I get a trolley? (resolved),
Hey guys, my brother will be starting IB next year and he wanted some advice regarding how to pick his classes and so on. If any of you could help him out, I'd greatly appreciate that! Thank you,
Hey! Who do you talk to when you want to do an individualised study?,
Hey! After switching my regular detergent (which I got in the stores outside of campus) to the sensitive white colored one they sell on campus, my clothes' colors bled all over, even though none of them are new/ have not been washed before. Anyone else has had the same problem with that detergent? Is the blue gel one better?,(
Resolved!) Hey guys, have you seen this grey snapback around? The last time I saw it was Saturday. I don't have a photo of the front, but it has a black square. It looks like the one in the photo. I really want it back, so if you find it around, let me know!,
Hey guys! Does anyone have a contact at The Emirates Center for Strategic Studies and Research (ECSSR)? If so, please PM me, I'd really appreciate it!,
Hey, guys! Does anyone know who's in charge of the Sound and Music Computing minor? (pls tell me it's not Godfried lol),
Hey guys, I'm scared I lost my phone.. anyone has seen a Samsung S5 in a bright red case, the front sticker reads loud and clear 'SAD ASIAN GIRLS CLUB'? In/around the Library - walk to Highline to A6. Hard to miss. Plspls,
Hey everyone! Any tennis lovers out there that would like 2 tickets to today's matches at Dubai Duty Free Tennis? Or know anyone that would like them? World No. 1 Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych will be playing today! As well as many others ☺️ 100 dhs each,
Hey guys, Anyone with USD$10.00...urgently needed l will exchange with AED40.00. Thank you in advance.,[
STUDENT GOVT POST] A huge thank you to everyone who was able to make it to the General Assembly last night! Based on the discussion we had yesterday about the End of Year Event (which will take place on April 20th), we have narrowed down the ideas to three: 1. Gala/Dance: You know how it goes. Dress to impress and dance the night away! And if you're not into dancing, don't worry - we'll have LOTS of food and dessert to keep you occupied for the night! 2. Lounge party: Be prepared for a chill night - look nice, but fancy dresses, heels, and tuxes are NOT necessary. Sip on some mocktails and eat appetizers and other finger foods as you lounge around (possibly a pool). 3. Lounge/Gala combination: Dress for a gala or dress to lounge - it's all up to you! Dance to some good music, lounge around, both, or neither (and just go straight for the food). Give us your feedback on what you want by reacting to this post! For option #1, react with "love" <3 For option #2, react with "haha"  and for option #3, react with "wow" :O **Please react by THURSDAY MIDNIGHT (by Feb 16, 2017 at 11:59 pm)** Also leave any comments or suggestions you may have in the comments section below, and/or email me at ao1402@nyu.edu. Looking forward to an amazing end of year event! ****Edit: there has been an update in option #2.,
Hey guys :)  This is a super random question but does anyone know any team building games or activities that could be done at a big staff meeting?  There are many online but I want to know if there are any tried and good ones.,
Hi guys, I have a Jordanian student who wants to apply to nyuad. He has questions about Jordanian schooling tests and such. Are they any students from Jordan who would be willing to help this student out? :),
Hey guys, I'm working on a project for 24/X. I need people who are willing to give me 5 minutes of their time being filmed answering 2 questions. Please comment below if you're willing ❤❤ We can come to you!,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Contracts with Peter Goodrich please??,
Hey! Need to borrow a grater, and long shot but a small scale for baking ?? :),
Hey Guys! (asking for a friend), when is the summer 2 in New York application due? Is it due March 1st or later? Also, is the summer application for Abu Dhabi due today midnight? or tomorrow midnight? Thanks!,
I have always wondered why are there no dogs around campus if there are cats :/ #suchanimalism?,
Hey people this cat is injured and cannot walk properly, and is also mewing as if it is in pain. Is there any way someone can help the cat?,
Hey does anyone have playing cards that I may borrow for this Friday? Please.,
Hey Everyone, currently working on a project with the Alumni Association to try to open up any type of "Maker Space" or studio space to Alum in NYC.  Are there any spaces you'd like access to post-graduation? (e.g. Stuyvesant Woodshop, ITP workspace) The more specific the better!,
Does anybody know of a Professor who has studied Conflict Resolution in any way? Could be on a personal level or big scale... Anything helps, even if his/her area of study is just vaguely related. Thank youuuu,
Does anyone have a plane pillow that I could borrow until Monday? Please,
Hey,  Did anyone take the class "Drama in Performance" in New York?,
Anybody from a country with mandatory military service who is willing to speak with me sometime today?  Thank you!,
did anyone take the core Microbes with Ignatius Tan? if so, how is the workload, is it interesting/fun?,
Would anyone be interested in working as an assistant for the core Language of Computing? The class is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2:30 - 3:15 PM with Professor Sana Odeh. Must have experience with coding in Python! ** This is currently happening, so it would be for the remainder of the spring semester,
Anyone has a syllabus of Elisabeth Anderson's FOMST??,
RESOLVED - Does anyone have extra tickets for Barzakh tonight?,
Hey guys! When and Where is the 2017 Summer Opportunities Program - Info Session?,
Hey can I talk to any Poli Sci - Psychology double majors? Thanks :),
Hey people, do we have anybody that lived or have seen Viale Matteotti dorms in Florence? Thank you! :),
Hey.. I have dollars I want to exchange to dirhams if anyone is interested,
Hey guys! Can u have some advice on "A Thousand and One Night's" as a core class? Was it interesting? The professor is Luis Paulo-Lemo Parreiras-Horta. Any thoughts?,
Hey guys, Hennie Ward and I are both in need of white pants/skirts/dresses/abayas that we could borrow tomorrow afternoon for our class. (We promise to keep you whites white, we will look after them!) :),
Hey everyone,  So for those who have done research in the summer, were you guys on F1 visas?,
Hey guys! My friend from The National is writing a story about the US travel ban. Do we have any people that are citizens or originally from Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Syria or Libya?  If so, please comment with your net ID for a 5 minutes phone call about how this Trump ban effects you. Thanks!,
Hey!  Do we have any latino dance lessons on campus?,[
Urgent] Hey guys! Does anyone have dicloran gel or voltaren gel or any similar cream to treat swelling in foot?,
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you knew if any Business related or Management were amongst Majors that were considered to be added to NYUAD's list? Alternatively, does anyone know if a Management or Business concentration can be pursued in a Global Network Site (especially NYUNY)? Thank you.,
Hey guys! Looking for a part time content writer who can write (blog posts, social media posts) on topics of education and travel. Your compensation TBD. PM me with some examples of your writing.,[
Resolved] Hey! Does anybody how to import your classes to google calendar? Thanks!,
What are Student Government's operating times to borrow Al Vroom (or any other trolley)?,
Non-travel related: How has NBAD contacted you for your debit card pickup?  I applied in early November and still haven't received a notice.  I called their toll free number and their representative was unable to provide a status on my application.,
Can anyone taking Indian Political Thought: Idea of India, send me the syllabus please? Thank you!,
Anybody know why I have no mealswipes? Who do I contact about this.,
Hey guys :) quick question regarding capstone during January term - do we have to attend any class, as indicated on Albert, or is it just independent work? Am not sure how this works. Thanks,
Anyone took a class with Professor Vicky Kiechel? NYU DC? (I'm sorry, I don't have access to course review because I don't seem to be a student),
Student Gov people: plz plz I need to borrow a trolley at 1pm... tried emailing u but no replies. Help?!,
girls interested in doing WO brazilian jiu-jitsu, please comment or pm your netid,
Anyone willing to lend me a duffle bag for a week long class trip? Will get you a souvenir from Kenya.,
Anybody know if the school still offers Rosetta Stone for free?,
Does anyone have a laundry bag that I could use / buy? Mine was stolen las semester and I don't feel like stealing someone's.........,
People who have been to Sri Lanka, how did you move around?  Is hiring a driver a good idea/ cheap? Does anyone know a driver there? Thanks in advance!,
Does anyone know why Ryanair's website doesn't work? Many of my friends have problems accessing it in this country. And possible ways to get around it? Thank you :),
Any Lit majors who i could talk to?,
Someone who can code Python and wants to earn money from it? Preferably someone who has taken Data Structures and Algorithms. PM me.,
Does anyone want to share a taxi to the airport tomorrow morning at around 7am?,
Anyone have some gift wrapping paper they'd be willing to part with? Pls I don't need much,
Can anyone add me to the course review website? Here is my netID: aa3817,
Hey guys, if you identify as Western European and you could take this survey  (it's 2 questions, won't take you more than 10 seconds) you'd make my life much easier!,
hey friends in a6b can we please get the tables in the second floor lounge back since we are no longer celebrating unthanksgiving i can help in transportation shukrannn,
hey people doing the piano/singing recital~where is it?,
Hey guys,  Does anyone have experience with not being able to reach the airport they fly out from (due to snow, closed roads, etc)? Could GlobalEd help us in any way or is it all on us to resolve?  Thank you and have a great NYE!,
Hey guys! I'm wondering what your thoughts are on my hairstyle? It's for a class ,
Anyone know what time the library loses today? Is it still 8pm? Are hey extending hours becuz you know... finals?,
Hey guys, I lost my ID (maybe around the lib cafe), please let me know if you find it :(( thank youu,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have Christmas lights or fairy lights we can borrow for the evening?,
Hey everyone, thoughts on these J-term classes? CORES-AD 73J Meaning of Life COREA-AD 68J Music and the Mind CORES-AD 75J Idea of the University COREX-AD 55J Social Chameleons,
hey! i require a native spanish speaker to check a lil something for a friend of mine. quite urgent, promise it won't take long! pm me. gracias!,
Hey guys, has anyone ever cancelled their ticket home over break with Nirvana and just booked their own ticket? Is there a cancellation fee? How helpful are Nirvana and Global ed? Is this even possible to do? Thanks in advance for any help.,
hey fam anyone has some cake ?,
Hey lovelies, [resolved] Is A6 open to students over the break (today)? just the first two floors.,
Hey, can I borrow playing cards from anyone? Pleaseeeee,
Hey guys - I'm writing a case study on tattoos and would like to interview several people with tattoos. It'll just be a brief couple of questions and I would really appreciate it. Please comment below if you're interested!,
Hey people! Does anyone know when we get our spring stipends? Thanks.,
Is the office of Global Ed open today?,
hey guys!!  does anyone know how i can print my geoblue insurance for nyc?  thanks🎈🎈,
Hey guys! I just received my NBAD card, can I set up the pin code through our ATM or does it necessarily have to be NBAD ?,
Hey guys, I am seeking for advice on laptops.  Expectations are: 1. Can run PS & Indesign, 2. Can run Civilization VI (without getting stuck), 3. Battery lasts long. Thank thank thank youuuuuuu!,
Anybody at the library right now?,
Any one with a tonne lot of campus dirhams and doesnt know how to finish them? I am here for you😊.,
Hey guys! So out of desperation and sheer necessity, I enrolled in a FYWS with Camilla Boisen. I currently am on the waitlist for Bryan Waterman's "Records" and have edited a swap with the former if I get in. I was wondering if anyone has any thoughts on Camilla Boisen and whether I should stay in this class, as I do not want to go in without knowing what to expect.,
HOMIES is there an nyuad alum group?? I'm sure there is and i was equally sure i was in it  but it turns out i am not. I have an awesome opportunity for alums that I want to share,
Has anyone interned at the US Embassy in Abu Dhabi before? Mind sharing your experience with me? :),
hey guys, would any of you be interested in Carnatic music lessons or workshops? I went through many years of training as a Carnatic vocalist but i'm starting to forget some of it - so I thought if enough people are interested, maybe doing a series of classes/workshops can help me practice :)  (if not, i'm also open to other suggestions on how to keep in touch with an art form that's not common in NYUAD!)  for reference:,[
Resolved!]A luggage scale anyone?,
Dear People, What is the best way to resolve student travels giving me extremely absurd and inefficient routes and argue that this is the best efficient way?,
Good afternoon :) Is anyone willing to lend me a luggage scale for a couple of mins? Please-please-please :3,
Hey ^_^ Is anyone in the US right now that can take a small box of gifts for my family with them to the UAE and mail it to them there?  I'll pay for all shipping and baggage costs and leave a few gifts for you too!,
Hey guys - for finals, where is WA-005?,
Hey guys! Anyone who has taken Foundations of Art 2 and can tell me what it is all about? Or the syllabus?,
Hey y'all is anyone going to any mall today and could grab me something while they are there?,
Hey y'all I'm creating a playlist for defend the nest tonight? What songs you wanna hear while we watch the falcons kick some ass!?,
Hey lovelies, I'm going to Shanghai for Jterm and I need to apply for the visa while I am here in NYC. Has anyone ever applied for a Chinese visa in NYC? The consulates website isn't that helpful and no one from the office of global education is answering my emails. Thank you!,
Hey all -- I'm coming to AD next semester and have absolutely no requirements I need to fulfill while there. Any suggestions for your all-time favorite class?,
Hey guys,  A friend and I were thinking about buying some equipment, so we wanted to know if anyone would be interested in possibly renting gopro's, drones, action cameras, etc. If so please like this post. So we can get an idea of interest levels.,
hey guys does anyone want to go on a date with me,
Hey guys, we're getting a bus to attend the Sharjah International Book Fair on Friday, 4th November, specifically Rupi Kaur's seminar on "The Poetry Field: Poetry and its Large Audience"!!!  Okay, logistics. The bus will cost us around 900 dhs and can seat up to 30 people. That's 30 dhs each, way cheaper than using public buses and cabs to get to the Sharjah Expo Center, where the event is taking place. Comment below with your net ID if you're interested in attending. Submit your money tomorrow to:-  Vamika Sinha from 11:00 am-1:00 pm (Library Cafe)  Me from 7:30 pm-8:30 pm (D2)  TOMORROW IS THE ONLY DAY THAT YOU CAN PAY.  The bus will leave the Welcome Center at 5:15 pm sharp and we're expecting to get back around midnight. More information at: http://www.sharjahbookfair.com/default.aspx Peace out. (Pls come it'll be lit.),
Hey! I was wondering if someone could help me out. My aunt is designing an app that allows for parents to track their kids spending and gives them points if they spend responsibly. She's looking for a name, any ideas?,
Hey guys, as a part of a core project, I'm currently writing a book that requires me to interview people and ask for their reflections on maturity and personal experience(s) of transitioning from childhood to adulthood. If you have a story to tell and would like to contribute to the book, please comment below or PM me. The entire thing won't take longer than an hour of your time and maybe a few follow-up questions. Rewards include a copy of the book and the chance to project your voice out there.  P.S The copy can be signed.  P.P.S Help a fellow human out here.,
Hey peeps, anyone been to Kuwait? Ideas for some fun(ish) stuff to do there?,
hey guys does anyone have a projector that i could borrow for the evening/ does the lib rent them out at this time? thx,
Hey. Anyone with ANY knowledge of the constitutional reforms in Bosnia? Or just general information about Bosnian Politics. I would like to chat for like 10 minutes please :),
Hey fam!  Thoughts and feels on the following Econ classes/professors,  Poverty: An Economic Analysis - Francois Bourguignon Behavioral Economics - Ernesto Reuben  Technology and Economic Development - Yaw Nyarko  Pls help. Can't wait to get rid of my last Econ elective,
Hey guys, has any of you watched the series "How to get Away with Murder" and is willing to answer a very brief question about the show for my class? If you are willing to do so please send me a direct message (won't take more than 5 minutes),
Hey everyone! So I need some help for a Project for my Core Class. I want to create a collection of memories, more specifically linked to mothers. I was wondering if anyone could share their favorite picture of themselves with their mother and maybe 2 or 3 sentences (feel free to write more if you feel there need/ there is a  story you want to tell) on why that specific picture is so special for you. You can pm me the picture and the sentences.  If you have it in physical form let me know and I can stop by, scan it and return it immediately! Please please please help me get a good grade on my final thank youuuuu,
Hey guys, I'm basically super undeclared major wise rn and was thinking of looking into SRPP next semester - is foundations of modern social thought a good intro to that major or does anyone recommend a different SRPP elective/class that would help me figure out if its something id like to pursue? Thaanks,
Hey friends!  Do any of you have a spare ten minutes on Sunday or Monday and would be willing/want to be in a video for the Health Promotion Office. You would just need to read out a sentence (that will be given to you) on camera. If you are interested, please comment with you net id below. The filming will be between 10am-12pm on Sunday and 12:00-2:30pm on Monday, but you can come whenever suits you within those times.  You'd be my hero <3,
Hey everyone, we are trying to have a cloth donation drive in collaboration with Operation Smile, so we would really appreciate if we can get around 10 storage boxes from you all for this purpose. If you still have some storage boxes lying around could you comment below and we can come and pick them up? Thank you! Also, if you are simply interested in helping out/volunteering, feel free to let me know as well!,
Hey!! Does anyone know where Professor Jill Magi's office is?,
Hey guys. Does anyone have a copy of the book "The God of Small Things" and is willing to give it to me? I am willing to pay for it! Thank you!!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know of a good location for a desert scene where I can bring a car to? (I can't bring one to the construction site behind campus) #intermediatefilmmaking,
Hey! Do you guys have any recommendations on the following colloquia/professors? I would highly appreciate it:         - CCOL-AD 23 The Commendments (Jim Savio)         - CCOL-AD 24 Life in the Universe (Joseph Gelfand)         - CCOL-AD 28 Global Governance (Michael Harsch) Thank you so much! :),
Hey guys! Out of the ones that did the passport/visa thing for jterm in NY, does anyone know how/where to get the passport back?  We need to get it from the empost, but anyone knows where is it located? Thank you!,
Hey! Does anyone recommend any good (interesting and easy) Structure Or Science cores (old core curriculum) for the Spring in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey how do I go about booking an in-person tutorial with a librarian at NYUAD? I tried the student portal form and was directed to librarians in Bobst library.,
Hey guys! Any one who is a math major here 😀Really need some help on the academic schedule [especially one study away and  math electives] and have some questions about capstone.🙈  Thx a lot,
Hey, does anyone have bread for this poor soul?,
hey - is there anyone coming to NY for jterm who would be willing to lug a package-sized thing from AD halfway across the world for a humble alum like myself?,
hey guys any outdoorsy spot with wifi, power outlet for charging and a good desk on campus for some chill work time.,
Hey guys, any input on Linear Algebra with  Olivier Pauluis vs Arman Mimar? (I learned that armans LA class wasnt that good but I couldnt find any info on Olivier.) Thank you!,
How does one go about getting reimbursed from Oman insurance? Thank you,
Hey guys! Does anyone have noodles?,
Hey guys! Do you know of any Emirati lifestyle bloggers/digital influencers? Please help <3,
Required: you to attend Defend the Nest tonight. The Falcons are back and ready to put on a show for y'all. Lucky Luke Tyburski will be droppin' dimes, Paulius will be cracking ribs, and Alex Baguette will be tossing the bread around. Miha will have you screaming 'YeeeHaww!' while Karolis is making the other team look careless. Titas's shooting will have Masdar wishing they even suit up, will Tomasz and crew's attire will have them wishing they had. Astronomers were claiming last night's moon was the largest in 15 years, but they obviously haven't seen Big Muna Nwadike. Good-Guy-Gregory-Goldemberg and Laurence of Saudi Arabia will be running the break, David Kim will be dabbing over defenders, Brian will be breaking ankles, and the fancy moves of Mr. Chang will be having everyone screaming "Damn Daniel". Of course during all of this Juju Quartz will be on the beat. Women play at 7:30, men at 9:00. Be there!,
Hey Guys, does anyone have rubbing alcohol?,
Panadol?,
Hey Guys! I am doing a project which requires actors and photographers! If you feel like you wanna contribute to a student project with your acting or with your photos, please leave a comment below with your NetID, state which part you are interested in and I send you the details! No previous experience required!,
what makes you feel better when you are feeling down?,
Hey guys, I would like to hear your thoughts on the following courses (professor? amount of work? easy grade?):  1. Data by Azza Abouzied  2. The Mind by Bas Rokers 3. Gender and Globalization by Rahma Abdulkadir 4. Money and the Good Life by Alide Cagidemetro 5. Fundamentals of Acting by Catherine Coray  6. Gender and Representation by Gayatri Gopinath,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow at around 7:50-8:00am and want to share a cab? (I know it's early but my appointment is at 8:15 am),
Does anyone have lemongrass ?,
Hi, does anyone have any medicine to fix a blocked/leaky nose? Cough syrup would be a bonus. Thank you :),[
Resolved]Anyone with a long black shirt/top/T-shirt they can lend for tonight? Preferably plain, but beggars can't be choosers. Please PM me, willing to give campus dirhams in return.  TIA! :),
Hey guys, does anyone have cup noodles?,
Anyone going to the US Embassy Monday morning wants to share a cab? My appointment is at 9 am.,
Hey guys, does anyone have transparant document sleeves? (U shaped file),
Hey guys! Does anyone have a Sterile Plain Gauze Swabs??,
Anyone who considers themselves a social media guru (worked on this for an internship, in a formal setting) and wouldn't mind giving me some tips? Please and thanks :),
Last minute help, pleasee! Any thoughts on DC courses - Financial Crisis and Politics of the Near and Middle East?,
Hey guys, I lost my adidas backpack... It's black with some orange highlights. If anyone could find it please let me know!,
Hey guys, I lost my ring. It's a silver ring with a green circular jade stone. If you find it please msg me! Thank you so much!,
Anyone who has taken notes at the Procrastination workshop willing to share them with me?,
Hey guys anyone have a salvar/lehenga and a kurta i can borrow for the following weekend??,
Are NYUAD students allowed to stay in Alumni Hall during study away in NY? /Are we allowed to stay in single rooms in a suite?  (The housing portal says we must be in shared rooms but I'm not sure if that includes shared suites of singles),
Looking for at least 20 girls and 15 guys to participate in the Mannequin Challenge!! Please leave a comment below if you're interested in participating AND if you're available this Saturday from 1pm - 2pm!,
Anybody have any experiences with losing an item in a cab? Like how long did it take for you to get it back or if you did end up getting it back? I left my iPhone in a cab around 3:30 AM and couldn't call the company until now and nobody turned it in. It was last tracked at 4:00 AM at St. Regis Hotel and it's just worrisome that the cab driver didn't turn it in :(,
Hey Guys!  I have dirhams need dollars in the range of 150 anyone willing to exchange?,
Anyone have contact lenses either -3.5 or -3.75 or even -3 that I could buy off you plz,
hey alumni,  I need your help! As a senior working on my capstone, I realize how much work you put in to get a great capstone out! I also realize that there's no place for NYUAD students to showcase these amazing capstones for the next set of NYUAD students to read and enjoy!  So, I've thought of coming up with an online collection for all the capstones. I need just 3 minutes of your time to upload the capstone, and I'll take care of everything else! We've already got a few people interested, so come join the bandwagon! I hope you can help me make this a reality! Here's the link for the submission. Will literally take 3 minutes or less: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1 Thank you so much!  Sincerely yours,  PWee TLDR; Take 3 minutes to upload your capstone here to get eternal fame: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1,
Hey ya'll, what's going on with Open Mic this semester?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a graphic designer on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey, i've been wondering, I know there's a gamer SIG but how do I reach them ? Also, Anyone here play EVE ? Interested in trying it out ? Hit me up!,
Hey Econ-finance majors, how important it is to take Foundation of Financial Markets before studying abroad in NY?,
Hey! Is anyone interested in taking an advanced-level French class in Abu Dhabi next semester?,
Hey Alumn, does anyone know how to access documentation of capstone presentations/exhibitions? I know they were taking photos and such but I don't know where to find them.  Thanks!,
Hey! Who was responsible for the A5A (girls' non vis) Breast Cancer poster? BECAUSE IT IS AWESOME and we'd like to show it off at the Breast Cancer High Tea!,
Hey. Does anyone know from where can i buy a machine/gun that produces smoke rings? Alternatively,
any other machine/tool that can make smoke rings and i can buy from somewhere in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys, If anyone wants to play futsal today , we have booked a court in the gym and planning to play from 5-7 pm! Everyone is welcome to join !,
Hey! We're going to Vienna, Austria this fall break. Any recommendations on what to do/eat/see? 💃🏻,
Anyone arriving to DXB Terminal 1 around 10pm on the 24th (Monday) and wants to share a cab to the campus? Need 2 more people.,
Hey! Is there anyone willing go in my place at a personal training appointment with one of the fitness trainers, today at 12:30 until 1pm? I can't go anymore and it is too late to cancel the appointment...,
hey guys im trying to validate courses on albert nd stuff and theres this one class that wont validate because it says theres a pre-req but the course description doesnt say that there is one ????????????????,
Hey guys, I'm looking for people who have applied or are planning to apply for test prep funding. Comment or message me if you don't mind answering a couple of questions. :),
Hey, does anybody know when we get our next stipend? Thank you.,
Hey does anyone know what the schedule is for commencement week? My parents want to book their flight but don't know when to arrive.  Any grads from last year have advice?,
Hi hi is there anyone who knows how to write music + sing who's willing to spend about a day over the weekend with me and help me write a song? Some form of eatable compensation is negotiable.,
Hey. Anyone have any kind of black cardboard/ transparent plastic sheets? Needed sometime today or tomorrow.,
Any common stereotypes about Mexico that you've heard of? (Regardless of whether they're positive, negative, true, or false). Thanks!,
hey, sorry to be a bother but has anyone seen a small brown paper bag with medicine in it? i really need it.  i've already called public safety, but i thought i'd give this a shot. sorry for the stupid request, thanks,
hey can someone please tell me where I can find the current GeoBlue insurance coverage brochure?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a someone on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? The job is mainly filming a video. Probably a promotional+description video. PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey! We are selling 2 tickets 300 dirhams each to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested. :),
RESOLVED: Hey guys!  This a sexy pic of a Moldovan sweet called "Placinta". Now that I got your attention, I would like to add to Toma's post :) We still need 3 more volunteers to participate in The Migrant and Refugee Crisis in Europe Panel Discussion!  Why should you participate?  - you get to escort and meet important people (22 EU Ambassadors :O) - you get free food!!! (Catering at the end ;) ) Comment under this post or message me if you are interested!,
Hey guys does anyone have crutches that I could borrow for a day or two? Would really appreciate it, thanks!,
Hey, A5A peeps, has anyone seen the iron from the laundry room? If you have it, please have the decency to return it (:,
Hey everyone :) does anyone know any cheap/free arabic courses online? Got mango and rosetta stone on the list so far... Thx,
Hey Guys  My j-term class for 2017 is Islamic Extremism in DC but I want any of the 3 classes in London, specifically Explorable Stories. Please, if you are willing to swap contact me!  Thanks!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know where is the closest western union to campus?,
RE: Courses in DC Recommended courses to take and/or stay away from in DC? Any tips would be great!,
Hey friends! Anyone have a spare nose ring or stud that they would be willing to sell me?,[
Edit: men only!!] Hey so random request but someone from Dubai Opera reached out to me about finding extras for a prestigious French ballet company's show in two weeks' time. The deal is that you have to be shirtless on stage for part of the production, be comfortable being shirtless, and not have tattoos. It's not paid but time commitment is minimal, transportation  and food are covered, and you'll get to party + network with a bunch of influential people in the dubai and european arts scenes. Comment below if interested (or PM if ur shy) and I'll get you more info!,
Hey guys, do you have a plastic or metal box that you no longer need? I need it today as a housing for a small circuit.  Alternatively, message me if you can know how to use the laser cutter in the IdeaLab/IM lab. Thanks a lot!,
Social Chameleons anyone?,
Your advice on the following writing courses and/or professors: * "Ghastly Beauty" by Jim Savio * "Records" by Bryan Waterman * "Street food" by Deepak Unnikrishnan  * "Writers on Writing" by Ken Nielsen  * "The Memoir" by Marion Wren Priority: 1. Light workload; 2. Interesting; 3. Others,
hey guys does anyone have a bit of white vinegar that i could use,
Anyone who did a Jterm in Europe (specifically Berlin, but anywhere else too) and went to Europe earlier than Jterm start?  Thank you!! ❤️❤️❤️ #NeedAVisa,
Does anyone have any idea where I could go if I want to donate clothes?,
Anyone knows where to purchase Go board game sets (like the one in the picture) in Abu Dhabi or the UAE? Or just general board game equipment stores that we should look into? Thanks!,
Headphones found in the women's only gym,
is there anyone who's travelled during their semester abroad but funded by NYUAD? for a conference or to represent the university somewhere?  could be for debate or MUN or science or literally anything that was approved by Global Ed, and a ticket was purchased for them departing from a city other than Abu Dhabi. please help!!,[
Resolved]So, a good friend of mine, Shivani Mishra has left her phone(Samsung J7) which has her ID card and room card attached on the back. The only places she could've possibly left it at are the Convenience Store and the 5:30 shuttle to the Corniche.  Pretty pleaseeee, let us know if you find it and/or have any ideas about how to go about finding it. We've spoken to Public Safety already, so that's that. Will pay back with food/coffee/grateful hugs/freshman love.  Thank you! ❤️,[
Resolved]Does anybody happen to have the adapter for this? It's urgent, please PM me or drop a message if you have an adapter.  Thanks!,
Can anyone give me a backpack for fall break? pls thank you,
Anyone have a bike or many bikes I could borrow for the afternoon? Alternatively, has Athletics ever let anyone rent out bikes without taking that bike safety course?,
FREE transportation to Saadiyat Public Beach at 3:25 PM TODAY from the Welcome Center. RA Nicole Nichifor and myself are organizing event for our residents, but we have some 15 free spots. :),
Hey guys,  It would be great if anyone can let me borrow an XL coat/jacket (Western size) for 5 days. Will wash and iron it afterwards. Bonus an hour of non-stop singing and treats from Georgia.,
Hey beautiful people. I find myself in need of a translation of an address into Mandarin in a proper form recognizable by Chinese Taxi drivers:  (I worry google Translate would mess it up) East China Normal University 3663 Zhongshan N Rd, Putuo, Shanghai, China, 200062 Thank you.,
Hey guys, how do I go about getting 2nd floor lounge temperature changed so that I don't freeze?,
A kind soul that would lend me a women's coat/jacket for fall break (appropriate for 10-15 C weather)? Size medium should be good, black preferable but beggars can't be choosers Will repay in WHATEVER YOU WANT ❤️ bls ok thanks xxx,
Hi guys, does anyone know how to send money from our citi bank credit card to another credit card? Thank you!!,(
Sold) Hey, anyone willing to buy rmb for aed? It's good for J-term in Shanghai (Exchange rate between uae and China is shocking.. always). Max amount 2800 rmb.,
Does anyone know if I can record music on campus? If yes, where and how?,
Hey guys! I'm selling a ticket to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested.,
NEEDED black suspenders please,
Q for peeps who will be arriving to NYUAD early next semester: RAs, MARHABA peeps, some of StuGov? I am thinking about pushing for RA's UAE visa being processed before/together with incoming freshman - thus get the passports back before Al-Hijra/ Islamic New Year (travel XD) and not dealing with it in the beginning of the semester. Between the 3 groups(RA, Marhaba,
StuGov) there is a ton of us and it seems even logistically easier for immigration office to finish us separately. Anybody has experience and knows who to contact? Opinion of the people it would influence - you want this? (or is this already happening and I missed it last year?),
Anyone have $130 USD I can exchange for either dirhams or Australian dollars? Also, anyone going to the US Embassy at 2 pm some point this week or the next?,
Has anyone ever lost financial aid from here? Is that a thing that can happen?,(
resolved)Is anyone interested in having a large flat TV screen next semester? I'll be happy to lend it for free, and just ask that you take care of it and find where to store it this summer!,
Helloooo Is there anyone who applied for Sharjah Art's Vantage Point and got their photograph/s accepted? I have a couple of questions! 😁💓,
hey guys, anyone else got an email saying you submitted the spring 2018/J-term housing application late but you're sure you didn't?,
Heads up, I was moving a few shipping boxes to my room in A6A and the guard made me open every single one of them to check for alcohol. New res life policy?,
Has anyone taken either of these two classes in NYC? Trying to pick between: Introduction to Global Education International Human Rights with Prof. Monaghan,
When do summer courses officially end for this year?,
Hi! Does anyone have an ADIB account? I need to make a bank deposit asap, and I will give you the money in cash on the spot. Thanks a lot!,
Anyone have medicine for mouth sores?? I'd be infinitely grateful!,
Does anyone know what size bed sheets the NYUAD dorm beds need?,
Anyone saw this kind of pencil case? Have very important stuff inside it.,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Research Methods in Psychology? Thanks!,
so my citi bank card is being declined but I should have a bunch of money on it, what do i doooo :(,
FOMST with Peter Stamatov, Angela E Anderson, or Eric Hamilton?,
If parents divorced, are we required to fill out noncustodial profile?,
Spare and new NYUID lanyard?,
Any girls who live in A6C up at this time who can help me sign in a guest?,
Anyone with any extra plastic mesh sleeves for bottles?,
Anybody got instant noodles that they can give me now,
Anyone have a new macbook charger in C2 I could borrow for an hour?,
Anyone who has stayed in Dubai for summer internship-- tips on where to find housing?,
Anyone seen a room key for a5a 608-D?? Pls help my dumbass dropped it somewhere and I can't b bothered bc the semester is almost over,(
Resolved) Anyone else experiencing problems with the CSS Profile Fee Waiver Code that was provided to us? It keeps saying the code is invalid for the selected program (New York University) zz,
PSA if you're in a public space and you speak obnoxiously loud it is obvious when you want other people to overhear your conversation and think you are edgy or interesting. Also "OMG I bet you think we are so weird" is not a conversation I want to engage in.  Talk at a normal level.  No one wants to hear about Fatima #3's cousin's sister's uncle's wife.,
Anybody else having issues with NYU Classes?,
US embassy on May 7 at 9:30am?,[
Urgent] does anyone know the initial code of our storage units?,
Does someone have vanilla extract and baking soda? Pleaaaaseee,
Anyone applied for F1 visa in a third country that is not your home country or the UAE?,
Is anybody in need of / willing to attend a CDC internship session if one were to be held this week before the internship secondary funding deadline on May 3? (These sessions are mandatory for all and to be considered for internship funding),[
URGENT] Does anyone have a melodica i can borrow for a few hours?,
Anyone going to the US embassy/general area tomorrow at around 8:30 am??,
Pigeon inside my room what to do pls,
Is anyone else having trouble logging into newclasses?,
LaTex people: Is there any way to convert a PDF back to a tex file?,
For those that received funding for the summer: The internship funds will be reflected in your bank account by the end of today. Real AD and Research funding will be reflected in your bank account on Sunday.,
Is NYU Classes down?,
How do I select the College/Program in the CSS application. I can't seem to find the code that applies for us anywhere in my emails. Anyone know what it is?,
programme head of political science?,
A spare copy of Middlesex - Jeffrey Eugenides someone can give away, or a pdf file?,(
RESOLVED) Has anyone seen these Headphones around A6? 😭 please help. I need them to survive finals,
Has anyone seen my id pls,
Anyone from NYUSH or who has studied there who I could talk to?,(
Urgent) Does anyone have a recording device I could borrow for tomorrow? Thank you!,
Whereabouts of Anita Shishani?,
Who do I contact if I have questions regarding insurance and visa?,
Any stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dyingAny stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dying,(
resolved) hey guys, is there anyone who interned at hedayah that i can talk to?,
Researchers/professors who have done research on the relationships and/or power dynamics between emiratis and expats.Research on demographics,
urban development  and cultural appropriation of spaces in the UAE is also helpful!,
Does anyone have a mountain bike to borrow today? Asking for an amigo.,
US Embassy on Thursday morning???,
Anyone heading to the Yas area 2:30ish?,
hiiii! is there anyone who’s double majoring in psychology and srpp?,
Does anyone know who I can contact in the CDC for a *sort of* no objection letter?  It's not for the UAE Labor Ministry, and I need it in a v particular format (and it's a part of the internship pre-application) so the opportunities survey isn't useful :((,
Hi, I lost my earphones (similar to the one in the image). Has anyone seen them around? Thank you in advance,
Sunglasses found in the nomad pad in the arts center,
Anyone willing to take WO fitness level 2 at 7 am on Mondays and Wednesday next semester? (You dont necessarily need to take the level 1 class to join) Edit: writing this on behalf of a friend.. not staying here next semester lol peace out,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday, May 8th at 7:15 am and wants to share a cab.,
Comment with your Net ID if you are a Sophomore who is looking to do a finance internship in New York for your Junior Summer. The application process for most of the big banks is already underway, so I’m keen to write up some tips for those interested.,
where can we find the final exam schedule?,
Who should I contact if my locker code is not working? Also, how much is the fine to replace the code?,
Has anyone ever tried to 'manage their booking' on the Etihad website? I can check my itinerary alright, but when I try to access the option of modifying my booking (ie changing dates), it gives me this page. Does Nirvana block this option for us on Etihad? :(,
Does anyone have an American Express card? I have a favour and will pay,
Ya helweeen, anyone has a mop in A6B?❤️,
Who do i contact if there is an issue with my dining dirhams balance?,
Music Tech Fundamentals, prof's email please?,
Song recommendations for a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life?,
Who’s in charge for airport-campus buses? Alternatively, will there be any buses from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses?,
Has anyone interned with Knight Frank in Dubai?,
Econ Seniors: How is Pablo Hernandez-Lagos as a capstone advisor? His field of study is related to what I want to do, however if he's not a good advisor I'd rather go for someone else.,
What is the best way to get from Abu Dhabi Airport to Dubai, excluding the taxi option?,
Someone that has a non-custodial parent and filled out the CSS non-custodial parent profile? I'm confused and frustrated, please help!,
has anybody been able to fill out the non custodial css profile? It asks me to send them my non custodial parent's email address so they can send them the application but he hasn't received any emails,
Hey everyone (especially seniors), what are the reasons for which Global Ed will let you change your flight tickets? Is there a page or something that delineates it?,
US Embassy on 7th May? (My appointment is at 8:45),
Anyone who's in A5 and is good with STATA ?,
Anyone who can help integrate our python chatbot/app to our website?,
Anyone going to the US embassy on this Thursday at 7:45 am?,
Does anybody have elastic wrap or a wrist support that I might be able to have/borrow for a while? Nothing that immobilizes the wrist completely.,
Hi! Anyone going to the U.S. Embassy for visa appointment on Tuesday May 1 early morning (7:30 AM)? Thanks!,[
Resolved] anyone who has previously done statistics and is willing to share their written report? we want to check the format of it! Thank youuu,
Does anyone have a commencement ticket for me, please?,
Gardens Speak ticket 9:30 tonight available! Message me and I will forward it to you,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday morning? Around 7:15 am,
Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?,
Posting this on here bc apparently this sent to people who are not even my friends: if you got a weird link from me DO NOT click on it. How I got hacked is beyond me though, since i  didnt even use fb in ages ;-;,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow morning? Around 8:30,
anyone going to the US embassy/the area on Wednesday ~745am?,
What's the last day for Spring 2018 housing?,
Anyone seen a Black rectangular cas that has a small flap with Ikea written on it; contains my glasses :'( pls,
Has anyone seen a pink-ish cardigan from American Eagle around library/dining hall area? 😭,(
urgent) where is the best place to print photos for personal purposes? alternatively, is there any way to get the same effect with the ricoh printers around campus?,[
Urgent] Any female violinists willing to play for a wedding on Friday evening?,<
RESOLVED> Anybody have a copy of Deepak's Temporary People that I could borrow for a week?,[
Resolved] Any French speakers willing to help me translate something for a class? It won’t take more than 10 minutes. Thank you! Will repay in chocolates,
A6B people: pick up your clothes in the laundry room! Wet clothes are rotting in the baskets and it smells reeaally bad :(,
Any film major or good video creator wants to pioneer making a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life? All assets are already available.,
For the CSS/Financial Aid, "Country where the student lives" should be the UAE or my home country? What about permanent address?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have a copy of Introduction to Quantum Mechanics by A.C. Phillips that they would be willing to lend me for the next 2 weeks? Please? Help a girl understand whether the cat is dead, alive, or if Schrödinger was just making fun of everything! Also I want to pass FoS. Will repay with top notch puns and baked goods.,
A phone I can make intl calls with? please help me get my CSS account info back before the deadlineeee 😭😭😭,
Found this usb drive in 436, it’s with library front desk now,
Does anyone have an old mac charger they can lend for a few days or are selling? OR electric tape?,
Is there any way to borrow a laptop for an extended period? Like, til the end of the semester?  My laptop is about to die. :'(,
People who opened ADCB account last week: did you receive a text message from them? What do we do after the text?,
extra gardens speak ticket?,[
resolved] Does anybody have the iPhone sim opening pointy thingy ? (Pref in A2) Thanks !,
Anyone with a spare copy of George Orwell's A Collection of Essays and/or Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer they don't mind giving away? Asking for a friend  [Taken] Also, I have a bottle of conditioner which was barely used and around 150g of Twinings loose green tea up for grabs,
Does Al Liwan still have these (or similar) as placemats? Can someone take one and scan one/take a photo of one for me? I will appreciate u/pay u,
Hi, anyone want karak?,
Andrei Stoica Osama Mahmood Ali Nosherwan Hamed or any math major who is very familiar with k moments of the Gaussian Distribution, plzz I need your help!,
last post about Gardens Speak, sorry. If anyone has an extra ticket, please let me know.,
The contact number for room cleaning services?,
Hi Everyone! Today will be the last practice for this semester. and your last chance to try your hand at archery so head down to the outdoor basketball court at 5pm today if interested,
Guys can you tell me the different times Gardens Speak is happening today please?,
Can you please comment below if you're going to the URC Finals on April 30th at Abu Dhabi University? I'm thinking of getting the school to arrange a shuttle to take us there.,
hi oreos for a friend,
Hi sorry me again: anyone currently in the arts center that can do me a quick favor please please? 🙏🏼,
Will anyone be in Seville over the summer?,
Does anyone know professors who’re working/researching on Women Studies/Empowerment/Education... basically anything related to women?,
Prof. Bush is selling 2 tickets for dxbeats at Dubai Opera tonight - 200 aed instead of 275. Line-up: Yasmin Hamdan, Sharmoofers, The Wanton Bishops (and more I think)!,
People in floor 6 A5b. Please stop playing guitar/music. Trying to sleep here.,
What's the cheapest way of getting from Dubai airport to Abu Dhabi (tentative cost plsss) x,
Does anyone have ice cream they would like to donate to my friend who is having an extreme ice cream cravings? Thank you.,[
NVM lol] American students: How do i know if i need to submit the FAFSA with the CSS profile? An old post said not unless ur getting aid from FAFSA but how do I know where my aid is coming from?,
Lemons (1-2)? Asking for a sick friend,[
Urgent] anyone with an extra ticket for Gardens speak in English anytime tomorrow?,
Has anyone seen an Acer charger like this lying around somewhere? Alternatively, can I borrow someone's charger please. Thanks a ton.,
Anyone in the IM lab now?,
Anyone wants 100 USD in exchange for AED?,
Anyone with experience cashing a check from a US bank here in AD? What is the process like? Thank you :),
has anyone got an extra gardens speak ticket?,
Anybody did MVC with Paparella and has pretty notes that I could borrow for a few days?,[
Urgent] Anyone willing to give away their Gardens Speak ticket for the 8:30 or 9:30 show today?,
Does anyone know when should we expect to receive our pay for March if you have an assistantship on campus?,
What's the exact type of card that we get from ADCB? I'm particularly interested in international transaction fees.,
Folks taking Comparative Legal Systems in the Fall?,
Any jewellery shops in AD with good prices?,
does anyone have a betta fish and want some food for it,
Anyone has panadol cold and flu?,
Does anyone have whole black pepper that I can borrow? :) preferably A5? thank you so much in advance!,(
Resolved) Any french speakers in the library right now who could help me read a website?,
Hello :) I need help of 15 emirati students to try sample of three different face masks from Korea (for free!) My friend is developing high quality face masks and wants review of locals here - pm me if you could try them and share us some opinion (i assure they are pretty good),
Does anyone have/know someone on campus who has a Twillio account?,
Anyone that I could talk to regarding the IRB? Thankss!,[
URGENT] For the parents income and benefits details section, there's a part where they ask for : "Money given to the student's parents or paid on their behalf". Do I include the scholarship  NYUAD has given me in that section or no?,
Does anyone in A2 have a drying rack I could borrow for today?,
When/where is the Hackathon taking place?,
Non-US citizens: Will NYU ask us to submit supporting documents to the values we input on our CSS profile?,(
URGENT) Hi all! I need someone today from 4pm to 8pm to help me in being on one of the cameras for shooting my movie on campus.,
Looking for recommendations~~ Best islands in South East Asia in your opinion? Or any islands in South East Asia that is amazing for family travel?  great food, great beaches and beautiful accommodations with good prices?... Any recommendations super appreciated! thanks! See More,
There is chocolate cake available at the Baraha, please feel free to take a slice. The cake is from Shakespeare Cafe.,
Is it possible to request the ADNH/D2 to start serving smaller sized pizzas (perhaps 7 inches instead of the regular 12 inches). It might help with the food waste, I believe.,
Thoughts about "Probability & Statistics" with Federico Camia? Thanks.,
Is there anyone giving away Campbell biology book? I would love to have a copy. Thanks!,
Does anyone know where Neel Vohra is?,
Don’t know if this is the right forum. Don’t know where else to post.  I’ll be in London tomorrow with some time to kill. hmu if you’re in the city and want to chill. Could do with some NYUad love. PM me :),[
RESOLVED] People who had to receive a new CitiBank card while in Europe (Paris) - how long did it take for it to arrive and did you have to pay anything?,
Will there be buses running from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses? If yes, what dates?,
When does Studio XY close?,
If anyone is at WTC rn and needs an extra avengers ticket, text me 0503382905,[
Both gone] Giving away 1 last-minute Avengers ticket and 1 English Gardens Speak ticket for tomorrow 11AM. Listen to stories that must be heard.,
Is there anyone I could borrow cuff links from until Monday?,
Spare Avengers ticket for tonight?,
Anyone with an extra ticket for Avengers tonight?,
Does anyone have a large world map that I could borrow for a day?,
Looking for Android/Web front end developers who would like the fame and glory of winning Hackathon. COME JOIN US THIS WEEKEND AND WORK WITH MENTORS FROM KICK ASS COMPANIES LIKE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK,
People taking Quantum Mechanics! Do you mind switching the time to Mon/Wed 11:50-1:05?,
extra avenger ticket?,
Anyone who has front-end skills who would like to join our team in the hackathon?,
Hey everybody, it's your least favorite study away:  I left my clubmasters in A6 room 001 yesterday.  I feel half-human without her.  I've tried lost and found and nobody has turned these in.  So if somebody finds them, could you please turn them in? Help reunite a man with his love, pls and thank you <3,
I am looking for a burgee (small flag) of NYUAD. We got something like this I think with acceptance letter 3 years ago, but I am looking for one more - does anyone know where I can buy/get one?,
Greetings everyone! Witness the greatest rivalry on campus, seniors vs underclassmen. Will the seniors graduate with glory, or is it the underclassmen that'll be left with a tale for their children? Come, find out who gains victory in the last cricket match of the year. Saturday, 28th April at 1 pm Performance Gymnasium... P.S. your appetite will be taken care of with boti street, pizza hut and krispy kreme See More,
Anybody with experience of getting proof of address for living on campus at NYUAD?,
Anyone got tickets for avengers they are not using ?,
gone!!  Anyone want 2 tickets to the 4pm (English) show of Gardens Speak today?,
Are there specific computers on campus that have photoshop installed or do all of them have it?,
Feminist books/ essays recommendations pls?,
Anyone with 2 spare tickets to Avengers tonight?,
Extra ticket to avengers? Asking for a friend.,
Vitamin/immunity tablets that dissolve in water, please?,[
RESOLVED]Hey guys! Is there anyone in Washington or NYC now who will be in Abu Dhabi for the Summer and could help me carry a box of clothes to AD? I'm trying to order something from an online store but they will only ship to the US. The total weight of the package would be around 1.5kg and I'm happy to pay for the inconvenience. Thanks!,
Does anybody have 2 tickets for Avengers they could give away pretty please?,[
sold out] Anyone who wants the ticket for today’s boat party? I have two tickets and would like to sell them. :),
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport late evening this Friday 26 April ?,
Regarding UAE visa: If your visa expired, so you're given a new entry permit, and you are coming to Dubai for a summer internship, does the school ask you to book your tickets to Abu Dhabi instead?  In the e-mails we get from Global Ed regarding traveling, the Office asks students who book their own tickets to book them to Abu Dhabi, not Dubai.  Has anyone been in a situation like this that I can talk to?,
Hi, bonitos. Does anybody have an Ice pack?,
Interested in research on education? 📚So were these seniors. 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓Come join ElevatED this Sunday, 29th @6PM in E-231 to hear about their capstones! Sushi and brownies will be served.,
Does anybody have a spare ticket for tomorrow’s Avengers?,
If I have a UK student visit visa (the kind they give you for J-term) that is multiple entry and still valid, can I enter the country without the letter from the school stating what I'll be doing there?,
Hi, does anyone know how to get an official bank statement for our Citibank cards?,
CSS Profile: What are we supposed to fill in regarding this question - "Will the student receive tuition benefits during any year of attendance?" there is another question for scholarships, so I am a bit confused,
Need a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rentNeed a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rent,
Physical location of undergraduate research funding office?,
has anyone seen a pair of black wayfarer ray ban sunglasses around?,[
RESOLVED --> C2 front desk ] I forgot it was Thursday and left all my stuff in the library lol what do they usually do with our stuff?,
What is the overnight guest policy for after May 20?,
Any recommendations for good places to stay in Paris just for a week?,
How do I update my time preferences to Asia/Dubai (GMT +04:00) ...don't seem to see the option. :( Thank you!,
Whoever left an empty gift box on my car is like super mean, not just because ur littering but because u made me thiNK THAT IM LOVED and that maybe someone got me a lil something whICH COULDVE BEEN CUTe but like no;. 0/10 prank :(,
Help! Does Global Ed keep copies of our previous I-20 forms? Thank you!,
How long does IRB approval take? Thank You ❤,
asking for a male friend - a nice and reasonably priced place to get a haircut in RAK?,
People working for Admissions Office - does anyone know who is the head of recruiting for the position of admissions ambassador? Shukran in advance : ),
Does anyone have a usb-c charger/cord I could borrow for the weekend? Ill be off campus so I cant use the one from the library.,
Anybody has some salt? Need some ASAP 🙏🏽,
Does anyone have a couple of cups of planting soil I could have?,
Anybody who couldn’t get into intro to accounting want to petition for another session to be opened Fall 1? 😀,
Any possibility of finding a 2 credit math class from the math major, not the engineering ones? I need one for my major requirements.,
Hii if you think you dropped some money in the A5C laundry room earlier today, pm me the correct amount and I'll return it,
Cupcake/muffin liners anyone?,
Which restaurants do you guys usually order from for a weeknight dinner delivery to campus? Any recs? (other than KFC) :),
Hi friends! I'm looking for scholars/researchers/experts who study reward-based/incentive systems for teenagers in sports/recreational activities. Does anyone have any pointers of where to start looking? A couple of names would be hugely helpful.,[
Solved] Anyone currently in the library can do me a small favor? PM me.,
Does anyone know the title of the series of photos that are in the very last room in Louvre? They depict the guy whose face gradually gets covered with the hieroglyphs.,
Anyone has a winter jacket I can borrow? (<15 C degree kind of weather).,
Urgent - does anyone know how to fill the non-custodial profile on the new CSS Profile? help bls,
a medium sized cooking pot I could borrow for tonight?,
Want to see what a typical NYUAD essay looks like? Help me build an AI to write one!!  My final project for the Art Intel class is teaching an AI to write in the style of NYUAD students, but I need some data to finish (I won't sell it and get a fascist government elected in the most powerful country with the data, I promise). All I need is your most BS essays so that the AI learns to write in that style. You can submit here literally anything with or without your name. https:...//goo.gl/forms/6SSP8aBVmQTLLJV23 Please help me with this experiment! I hope to make funny sentences like DeepDrump below, and submit it to the Gazelle. Thanks a bunch! https://twitter.com/deepdrumpf See More,
Trying to purchase a ticket for 600 AED but my card's being weird. Is there anybody who can help me pay using their card and I'll give you cash on the spot?,
Hi, probably not the most appropriate forum but I thought some might benefit from this:  If anyone is looking for summer housing in NY, a friend of mine is subletting her room in Brooklyn nearby Prospect Park (wow, what a wonderful location!) from June-Sept.  Pm if interested.,
Has anyone been paid for March student assistantship?,[
RESOLVED]Does someone know where Vic Lindsay's Office is?,
Gauging interest for an Ultimate Frisbee SIG. May possibly invite a coach to come in and teach competitive ultimate frisbee play. Any skill level is welcome! Comment below your netID if you are interested! Comment with your skill level if you are very very very interested!,
Attitude is wrapping up this season of dance classes on May 4th, with the Spring Recital: Regenesis ✨  This semester we will perform 2 shows, one starting at 7 pm and the second one at 9 pm, in the Black Box of the Arts Center.  Tickets are limited so book yours now!,
Does anyone have a jewelry holder that I could borrow for tomorrow's flea market? :) Thank you!,
Update: I need one again please help 😢  Anyone got a flower vase I can borrow for a couple of days? Will return before the weekend,
Hello! We need photographers for Latino Night happening TONIGHT from 6-9ish pm. please comment if you can help out! We'd be so grateful.,
anyone else having problems with nyu email? im not getting emails i should be getting,
Anyone has action figures or dolls I can borrow for a stopmotion short project?,
When is the study away form live?,
One ticket for commencement? Thank you! <3,
Can anyone recommend the cheapest way to crash in London for a month for 2 people?,
If I ask Student Life to provide a shuttle to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair, would you sign up?,
Does someone have a mosquito racquet or some good ol' Raid I could please borrow? Help me take back my territory.,
Required: people whose mother tongue is French! Participate in this study and earn some money 😊 send an e-mail if you’re interested,
Seniors on Guest Travel Assistance: did the school send your visa to any of your parents yet?,
Anyone could tell me who the head of economics department is? 😅,
can anyone lend me/is there anywhere I can find black spray paint on campus?,
Any Omani's on campus? Or people who lived in Oman? Would like to ask a question or two about the music scene in Oman 🇴🇲,
Anyone who have taken Music Technology Fundamentals and have spare time to talk,
Any people waitlisted for Intro to Accounting? Looking to email for a new section to be opened, please comment Net ID’s,
Can I get things laminated at the library?,
Besides the CSS do we have to send any other documents by email?,
Also somebody left their room card at the CDC. Come pick if up at reception desk.,
This calculator was lying outside the library (on the round tables in front of red sofas). It's with public safety - ground floor of campus center,
Anyone in A6B have paracetamol?,
People taking Intro to Game Theory next semester, would you be interested in changing the class to 10:15am or 11:50am?,
Anyone have any CRC or equivalent products?,
For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?,
On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens)On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens),
best online free plagiarism checker?,
are your chances of getting summer housing significantly lower if you applied after Feb 28👀👀 ((asking for a friend obv)),
Anyone enrolled in MENASA section 001 for the fall 2018 and want to switch to section 002?,[
Etihad Flight Pricing] Hi, does anyone know anything about (etihad specifically?) flight pricing? Flights from tomorrow to two weeks out are 66% the price of flights outside that time window. When an Etihad flight is less than two weeks away, do they drop the price? Or is this maybe just reflecting general travel trends (ie lots of students flying home to the Middle East after May 10)? I'm trying to buy a flight on or around May 20, and trying to decide whether to buy now or wait.,
How is Kevin Coffey in terms of participation grading? I'm in a class with him this semester and fearing for my final grade.,
anyone good at data analysis and free tmrw? between 4ish and 5ish tia!,
Hi people! Someone forgot their headphones in the Ahlan Ramadan event in the Arts Center. We placed it on the table @ baraha,
Hey everyone! Is there someone who has the syllabus to the U.S.A & UAE comparative legal systems class (Doesn't matter if it is an older version)?,
I refuse to believe that someone stole the mouse from the computer in A6C. If you took it as a prank please return it ASAP and do not inconvenience others. Public safety will be asked to check the cameras.,
Is there any senior guy living in A5B who can check in a guest around May 13th?,
Anyone who rented a long-term apartment (over 6 months) in AD?,
Has anyone applied for a US visa (preferably F1) in London? How long did the process take? TIA.,
Can someone who is currently taking FOS 5 and 6 send me the syllabus?,
Courses/Study Aways besides the 12 general paths? Like the Cuba Film Study away? Anything and everything you think might be interesting in this direction please! :),
Does anyone have a can of condensed milk they are willing to part with?,
Hey, guys! I need the help of someone, who can operate a ZOOM recorder and who is willing to help me on a shoot tomorrow on campus from 4 to about 6.30. Pm me if you can lend a hand. Thanks!,
Luggage scale anyone, please?,
Yas Waterworld ticket prices and do they offer student discounts?,
Location of the office in charge of commencement stuff?,
For a personal art project (directed at anyone who identifies as Asian in some way or another): What is your favourite memory of your parents showing love to you? Especially if it is different from parental love in European/ American culture (hugs, verbal confirmation etc),
Anyone else having wifi issues these past two days?,
Who's taking shaami in the fall? Could you comment your netIDs?,
Underclassmen econ majors who are interested in education?,
Does anyone have a skirt that looks like this in colors black/red that I could borrow tomorrow? Thank youuuu,
Recommendations for massage places in this city?   What's a good price for a 1-2 hour long massage? Anyone done it at Studio XY (which charges 275 dirhams)?,
Do we still have access to NYU Classes after graduation?,
anyone have any experience with petitioning for a different site for study away that doesn’t mind helping out a confused freshman?,
On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?,[
resolved] Does anyone have some honey they want to get rid of?,
Is anyone thinking of doing something cute for Vic?,
MY EMIRATE FRIENDS PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS OPPORTUNITY!,
Was it just me or did anyone else receive an email saying that their summer housing has been cancelled? I remember filling the application, but ResEd never followed up with me :/,
NBAD or ADCB?,
Question for students who make art (photography, paintings only) : what's the average number of artwork you produce per month?,
Farhana Goha’s office location?,
Anyone with the experience of using baggage storage at AUH?,
Print on-the-go anywhere and anytime from your mobile device. Click here to begin: https://goo.gl/forms/485OxQ6bHx4E5Vc72,
Anyone who switched to CS in their sophomore year I can talk to? Preferably with little to no previous experience in CS.,
On Albert, I chose a recitation time out of two options, but I want to switch to the other option. Albert doesnt let me drop the recitation, what can I do?,
Anyone missing these notes? Not sure how this got to me,
are we getting another stipend before summer?,
random question but is our official name "New York University Abu Dhabi" or "New York University in Abu Dhabi" because i keep seeing both,
Hi hi, are there any native French speakers here who can help me proofread about 5-6 pages before this Sunday? Much thanks. :),
Where do I find the proof of enrollment letter on the new Albert?,
Does anyone (preferably in A2) have an ice pack I can borrow for tonight? Appreciate it.,
Anyone has a house party lights I can borrow for a film project? Need the lights from 10 - 1pm on Thursday. Your name will be included in the end credits :),
Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq‘s phone number? We need him in a meeting.,
Is it true that if you are doing a math minor and you placed into MVC, you would have to replace the Calculus requirement with another math class instead of only having to take 3 classes?,
hoomans,  SJP will be hosting an event from 7.30 to 9 tonight and is in the urgent need of a photographer to document the event.  if you are willing to help, please reach out to us!... you will be rewarded with loads of love and maneesh :) See More,
Looking for professors/researchers who are knowledgeable about hyperspectral imaging, satellites, and/or sensors used in oceanography. I've already talked to Phillip Panicker, Ian Dobbs-Dixon, and John Burt. Anyone else to reach out to would be much appreciated :),[
RESOLVED] Anyone with one night's worth of contact solution?,
People who have had their high school diplomas accredited while not at home: is it possible to have it approved by the UAE embassy in your country through power of attorney, and if so, does the attorney have to be from your country or from the UAE? Alternatively, were you able to just get it approved by the embassy of your country in the UAE?,
alumni: has anyone here been asked for an accredited university diploma for anything other than a job in the UAE/grad school in Europe?,
is anybody going to spinneys tomorrow? i just want a tiny favor :(,
is it true that our capstones are submitted to turnitin???? asking for a friend,
Hello!! Alum in need of some help understanding lyrics to a song performed by Umm Kulthumm about the Aswan Dam: حقق المعجزات عزم جمــــــال فاحمدوا الله ان حباكم جمـــــالا هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سالا تبرا وذلك فاض نضــــالا... حين ألوى بعهده مقرض المال وحاد الصديـق عنـا ومــــالا واستدار التاريخ ينظـــر هــل يستسلم الليث أم يصول وصالا I would be super grateful if someone could tell me the general gist of these lines/correct my own understanding of them!! See MoreSee Translation,
Anyone seen a notebook with a drawing of a girl holding a lantern on the cover? Its missing and has all my class notes!,
Link for the dope underclassmen #interclassico video? I've heard it's lit af,
Has anyone managed to Pass/Fail a class after the deadline while in NY?,
does anybody have a bike that i can borrow for like 30 minutes <3,
Somebody left those on the couch in the CDC.,
Can I change the point of exit for my flight if I'm coming to Abu Dhabi from elsewhere after summer break?,
Anybody have a large transparent bowl that I can borrow for tomorrow night? Preferably Plastic :),
My Mac is going nuts (touch bar with volume and brightness options has disappeared, it restarts at random times and reports "Your Mac has restarted because of a problem"). Has anyone encountered such an issue before or does anyone know how to fix it?,
Any professors specialising in cybersecurity/ tech in China?,
Can women get haircuts at the men's studio y salon? Given that I'm getting a fairly gender neutral style it would be nice to save that 130aed...,
are there still shuttles to the Louvre?,
Anyone taking FOS 1 and 2 next semester? I have questions,[
Resolved] Can people leave their guitars anywhere on campus over summer? Alternatively any kind Emirati who would like to adopt a fender for 3 months?,
if i request an overload for a class, get it, then switch to another one, do i have to fill the form again?,
Hi, I can't seem to find my sunglasses, blue Ray Bans with alcantara covering, anywhere. Please let me know if you've seen them around. (Can bring you a sweet of choice from NY),
Has anyone recently (last two weeks) applied for an Omani visa and is familiar with details regarding the E-visa? Keen to find out if the student visa presents any problems. Any help is appreciated!,
Ibuprofen please? Preferably in A2.,
Anyone going to Dubai/DXB tomorrow afternoon around 5pm?,(
RESOLVED) Need $800, anyone wants to exchange for AEDs?,
Has anybody taken Economic History of the Middle East (Bob Allen) in previous semesters?,
Pm if interested in being the photographer for a student organized event - tonight 7:30-9:00PM,
Anyone going towards Musaffah / Zayed Sports City area around 8 tomorrow morning??,
Anyone know who's in charge of Advancement Opportunities applications? Thanks!,
URGENT - does anyone have green yarn I can borrow? (for capstone),
Are there gonna be shuttles to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair? It's only fair...,
Where do we find the Non-Custodial Profile? Or does our n-c parent get it via email once we submit the CSS profile?,
Anyone who's going to NYU Grad starting Fall 2018? PM me pls,
I need $50, does anyone want to exchange for dirhams? 😊,
Thoughts on Multi Ethnic Democracy and the professor? Gimme deets on the workload, grading and everything in general,
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport tomorrow at around 11 am?,
SECOND LANGUAGE CURRENT OR EX-LEARNERS: (or if you're on your 8th one) I have exactly 5.1 questions for you! Tessa Thornton and I will love you forever if you can fill this survey out. Plsplspls help (refer to link below) https://nyu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0oBzGiw9HV4L5vD,
sweater in E047,
did anyone have experience fixing a water damaged macbook here in AD? asking for a friend,
Anyone who experienced Ramadan on campus and interested in being featured in a video for the Dean’s office?,
I was lucky enough to get a few extra things with my laundry last night from A6B laundry room. Think it's because someone had put our clothes on top of each other on the bench when they took our things out of a machine, and I guess I was too bad at separating them! Sorry for that! But send me a message if you're missing these.,
is there anyone who has studied away in Madrid or is planning to study away in Madrid, that I could have a talk with?,
anyone ever asked for a letter of rec from prof shamoon zamir? does he write it, or have you write it yourself and send it back to him?  i'm an infant and trying to avoid the turmoil of coming up with positive things to say about myself  :(,
Anyone around the library with a Mac charger?,[
Resolved] Exchanging up to USD 200 for AED. Save me a trip to the mall, please!,
Long shot but are there any kathak dancers on campus this semester?,
Hey!! Is there anyone who took a leave of absence (esp in the middle of a semester) and can answer a couple of questions?? Thanks in advance!!,
Is anyone looking for this? Its's been in a classroom for a few weeks.,
Anybody who has had a guest stay over at Palladium for over 6 days?,
Is the Second Chance Store happening this semester?,
Anyone who was accepted to Yale-NUS and ended up going to NYUAD? PM me.,
Galito's in the baraha!!,
People who applied for an earlier graduation certification for work visa purpose that can share some insights about the process?,
Is there anywhere I can find a protractor on campus?,(
URGENT) does anyone have the book "Shirbrig and the Project of a United Nations Army" by Joachim Koops and Christof Tatschl?,
Something for fever? Ibuprofen?,
Summer Housing: has anyone gotten a confirmation from Res Ed about rooms for the summer (esp. PTPP seniors) or knows when they will be sending them out??,
Ernesto Reuben's office hours? Also, is he teaching any classes this semester?,
There's a series of videos titled "Shit Freshmen/Sophomores/Juniors say" that were posted to NYUAD Student Life back in the day (~2013/14) None of the alumni can access them, but if anyone could download them and send me a copy I would be eternally grateful.,
Any recommendations for portfolio website builders? to be used in long term, and free if possible.. thanks!,
Urgent: does anyone have a TI-nspire cx cas that I can borrow for tomorrow ? Specifically that model please please please!,
Anyone on campus from/has lived in:  Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Dijbouti, Kuwait, Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Tunisia, Yemen, Oman, Iraq?  Please pm me,
Anyone knows where I can get an NYUAD back drop for the capstone film screenings that are happening from the 22nd till the 27th at 8Pm and 28th at 4pm?  I will need to keep the backdrop throughout these days so we can take fire pictures of guests and filmmakers. Please let me know.❤️❤️❤️,
Go Green! and run today with On Your Feet at 6:00 pm Welcome Center. Also, fitness center treadmills will be off, so go out and enjoy the weather! #muchgreen #wow #sofast,
Does anyone know if the insurance we have has a limit on how much we can spend? Or does it cover everything regardless of the amount?,
Best ophthalmologists in AD, covered by insurance?,
Wax paper please?,
In need of as many thermo cans/flasks as possible. Anyone please?,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Selling Apple accessories: 1 USB-C MBP charger + cable (13 inch, brand new, 85% retail price) 1 USC-C cable (used 3 months, 65% retail price)... 1 MBP case (13 inch, Incase, black, used for 5 months, 50% retail price) See More,
Hello friends v random question idek but does anyone have any experience with doing freelance work; mainly illustration/design but any advice would be greatly appreciated. Pls help me give my life a purpose bc it's falling apart thx <3,
Film graduates please send us your defense papers and save us from a group breakdown. Thank you. ❤️,
Is the summer housing portal still down for everyone?,
Someone left their wet clothes in two dryers in A6C (or maybe you tried to use them overnight and somehow the power cut?) I'm guessing at this point you're going to want to rewash them... :(,
A question for those who took courses at Stern a few years ago. Do you know how long we will be having access to class video recordings on NYUClasses? Will our access expire after we go back to Abu Dhabi, after we graduate or it will never expire?,
Has anyone taken a class with Jason Greenberg in Stern before?,
How is the core Religion and Philosophy with Kalle Taneli in terms of workload? It'll also be nice if I can get reviews about the professor/course.,
Does anyone know where I can find lots of ruled sheets on campus? Alternatively does someone have a bunch of ruled sheets I can use (preferably of a large size)?,[
Resolved] Does the CSS profile now have a different format or am i filling out the wrong thing? 😅,
Hey guys! Looking for people who will be around in AD (and FREE) from 7-14 May and potentially want to go on an Oman road trip. PM me if interested!,
Anyone who has worked with Unity and can help me for a bit? I promise its short. TIA,
guys i really need this sticker before i graduate - does anyone know how i can get it? gotta have the reason why i’m not in debt in a month glistening on my laptop!!,
Hey guys, what's the room with all the condoms at the health and wellness?,
Hi! I am currently enrolled in FFM but I want to swap my recitation timing from the 10:25-11:40 section to the 11:50-13:05 section. Anybody willing to swap?? Alternatively, does it matter if I go to the latter section even if I am not enrolled in it?!? TIA,
Will we have summer courses in the future ?Will we have summer courses in the future ?,
Anyone has a sewing kit to lend? Thanks!!,
A copy of Crazy Rich Asians I could borrow ? Pls and thanks 😁,
Hey guys!  I am looking for someone who is fluent in Arabic internet slang and someone who is fluent in Brazilian-Portuguese internet slang. If you speak/text both, even better!  Thank you!,
Online Escape the Room recommendations?,
Found someone’s SIM card in the library. Left it on the table on the left by the first printer.,
Hi ! Does anyone know where Naima Hafeez's office is located? Thanks in advance.,
how competitive is it to receive a second internship summer funding in the UAE? in other words should I save my internship funding for the summer of sophomore year?,
anyone who was enrolled in legal systems and method last fall?,
Anyone ever had their NYU ID cease to work twice in one week? I think my stopped working last night and I just got a new one on Thursday...,
How intense is the workload for Sensors, Body and Motion?,
Hello Everyone!! Just a short survey and I will be very happy if you take few seconds (like literally) to vote where you belong in this survey! The result will be used in my essay for my FYWS final Essay. Thank you for your participation! ,
Reviews for EgyptAir?,
Anybody knows the email of Audrey from GlobalEd?,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda can help me pick up a phone? Thanks!,
Any people interested in Introduction to Accounting (7-Week) at a different time (e.g. 10:25...) and/or in Fall 2?,
Is anyone here into emo / math rock / revival? Looking for friends to get my sad jams on with for the end of the year,
Reviews for Jetstar Airlines? pretty please,
Working hours of the nirvana office?,
Did someone take my ballot? I haven't cast a vote yet and I get this! Please help me exercise my political right!,[
RESOLVED] My NYU ID works fine but is very very worn down at this point - I can’t read any of the emergency/security/health and wellness numbers and the barcode is almost entirely gone. Will public safety give me a free replacement or would I have to pay 100 dirhams to get a new one?,
Any thoughts on the course Social Networks with prof. Blaine Robbins?,
If the Student Portal 'courses' list shows a class for fall semester (CCEA - Abstraction Prof. Salwa Mikdadi) that Albert doesn't have, does this mean the class will be held or not?,
Anybody with experience in cleaning fish-tanks or fish (as pets) in general? Edit: The problem is, no matter how well I clean the fish-tank, the water gets green in like a few hours. This is very unusual because this hasn't happened ever and I've had the fish for almost 3 months now.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, guys! I lost my ID card somewhere around either D2 or C2. If you see/find it, please let me know. Will be forever thankful!,
Urgent Does anyone have AAA batteries?,
This global leader threw his phone in the air celebrating the #YearOfZayed only to find that it was too weak to take the fall.  Not only is my screen broken, but my phone is now randomly messaging people.  Any ideas what it'll cost me to repair this?   Thanks, and celebrate the #YearOfZayed responsibly.,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda tonight and wants to share a cab?,[
Resolved] Anyone who's completed the CSS financial aid profile?,
Does anyone have an embroidery hoop I can borrow? Alternatively, does the costume shop have one? Thanks,
Anyone (preferably in A5C) with a pair of scissors I can borrow?,
Urgent: Does anyone have a piece of photo paper I can buy off them please?,
Come to the Salon to watch Alexa Chung talk about the Future of Fashion! 💜 Ft. Anita and Russo's pizza 😊,
NON-Latinos: What is your favorite reggeaton/latino songs?,
Looking for a long arm stapler on campus! Something like this,
Urgent, has anyone seen headphones like these around/maybe took them by mistake? Last seen in A2B lounge around 4 hours ago...,
Internship funding away from home peeps: when will we get the $$$? :),
Does anyone have a keyboard on campus with them that doesn’t mind lending it for a few hours for a performance? Pls, it’s really important,
Anyone who works with NYUAD Access that I could speak to?,
Anyone interested in taking photos for Interclassico on April 25 (Wednesday) from 6:30 to 8:30? <3,
Least used printers on campus? (speculations welcome),
Places in the UAE where I can order makeup online? I'm lazy.,
Does anyone know how to switch the audio in the East Forum from the speakers in the back room to the speakers in the main room?,
GIRLS FOOTBALL TEAM ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. GAME STARTS IN 30 MINUTES,
URGENT!!! GIRLS FOOTBALL ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. COME WATCH AN EXCITING GAME AT 3PM!!!!!!!,
Anyone traveling from AD to New York anytime soon?,
Typically we hear stories about assholes who don't have common curtesy in the laundry rooms, but today I want to tell you a story about a good samaritan.  As I was busy pretending to be a future leader in the dining hall, a true future leader saw that my clothes were finished in the washing machine.  Being the future leader that he is, he had the foresight to not only take out my clothes and put them into a drier, but he also started it.  It's true, the heroes aren't just in the movies.  God bless <3,
Does anyone know of how the class " Advanced Reading and Writing: Identities and Metamorphoses" is? Is it for upperclassmen? Who teaches it? Is it new?  I saw it in the writing section (where FYWS is) of the courses listed in Albert.,
I completely forgot this about the css profile, Is NYUAD not listed or do we put in NYU?,
Long shot: Anyone going to the Egyptian Embassy this week and would like to share a cab?,
Haiiiii! Does anyone have a copy of 'Temporary People' that they're willing to part with / sell?,
fierce and generous proofreaders?,
Reviews on the 2 credit film class: producing the short film by Wahbeh Fadi ? Please, thank you 😀,
Anyone has popcorn? Preferably around A2?,
Yo, if anyone is coming over the summer, I’ll be subletting my room ❤️ it’s walking distance to campus, in a really nice doorman apartment with laundry, a patio, doorman, (shitty) gym and all that jazz. I’ll sub it for cheaper than nyu housing, and HELLA cheaper than NYU single. You can also use my midi and guitar and hooka and yada-yada-yada. Hmu ❤️ (Mid may-mid July),(
resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇(resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇,
I require you to vote? (Is that how this works?) https://studentvote.nyu.edu  Since you are already reading let me elaborate on why I think Tami is comparably better candidate for the President: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE WITH STUGOV - we are approaching a transitional period without Vic Lindsay and with new constitution. We need somebody who was involved in Abu Dhabi StuGov and can transition to the presidential position almost without any guidance. -she GETS STUFF DONE - she does no...t only start a project but also finishes it, be it working with ResEd or class events. -she is EASY TO REACH - answers her e-mails and can make time for you/your representation when necessary. She makes time to listen to your concerns and gives advice if she can. -she is SUPPORTING YOU, NOT IDEOLOGIES - it is the student voice that matters to her, not transnational concepts. -she is not gonna be buying your votes - I am doing this because I am scared of her not winning, not because she asked. Lets be real she will not do any kind of propaganda. PM me/comment any questions you might have - I can elaborate on any of the points and why I think them applicable ONLY to Tami. See More,(
resolved) FORMS OF WRITING FOR THE SCREEN I am reaching out to those enrolled in Forms of Writing for the Screen, especially those who are not film majors. Despite registering as soon as the enrollment was opened, I did not get a place on the Forms of Writing for the Screen course with Scandar, and am currently the second on the waitlist. ... Being a decided freshman Film (Practice) major, it is mandatory that I take the course in the fall, and it is the last requirement to fulfill to study away in sophomore spring. My courses have been planned towards that goal for the past two semesters, and are jeopardized because of a single course. It should also really be taken ASAP to do better in screenwriting for other film projects. Would someone please kindly drop the course to spare a lot of worries and e-mails? Either someone enrolled, or the first person on the waitlist. I understand that this may be a lot to ask, and that I am in no way more entitled to have the spot, but if you could just PM me to have a discussion about this, I would be tremendously grateful.  Please do respond to this, and thank you in advance. See More,
Does anyone have a camera I can borrow for tomorrow morning?,
Anyone know where on campus I can get an antivirus installed? I think you can at IT, but that was a while ago.,
anyone know of an Emirate folktale about food?,
Strange request, but does anyone have any coals?,
Hye !  Can anyone please tell me who the faculty advisor for the CubeSat SIG is?  Kinda urgent. TIA,(
RESOLVED) Anyone want to play tarneeb now?,
Does anyone have experience with getting a lost Emirates ID replaced? How long does the process take? Alternatively, does anyone know if the Immigration Desk on campus has scans of our IDs?,(
resolved!) hi hi does anyone have painkillers? asking for a paralyzed friend :(,
Like/comment if the only reason you still use Facebook (not messenger) is NYUAD groups like this one, Student Life and Forum.,
Vacuum Cleaner Please! Anyone?,
Can you still submit an assistantship time sheet a month (or months*) late?,
does anyone have elementary chinese 1 and/or 2 textbook/s i can borrow this summer?,(
Resolved) A swimming cap? I just need two briefly for tonight.,
Hello, can I borrow someone's filming equipment (zoom, lights, etc.) tomorrow for a few hours? Thank you in advance!,
Anyone attending MENA Diplomacy Dialogue on Sunday? PM me if you want to share a ride to EDA <3,
Where is the cheap jet skiing?,
Hey errybody, who has the board games (House on the Hill, Colony, etc)?,
Nyuguest wifi password? Please and thanks so much,
Thoughts on professor Anisa Shyti?,
How do i find syllabi for NY classes?,
Anyone have a baking tray and/or mixing bowl I could borrow? Will repay with cookies!!,
is there a way to request to count more than 2 courses towards a major in study away?,
Hey! Does anyone have two spare commencement tickets?,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
For double majors how does the capstone/extra classes work? I'm double majoring in SRPP and Film, but would do a Film capstone. If I did a joint capstone, would I be taking four capstone classes or just the two? If I just do a Film capstone, do I just take two non-Foundational electives for SRPP?,
Can anyone share their thoughts on Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin? (in terms of workload...) Thanks in advance.,
I caught your attention 😀  GOLF SIG just got revived. We are figuring the budget but gauging the interest now. There would be at least 50% CoPay (between 50- 80 AED) or possibly full price - depending on the "budget cuts" and the generosity of the StuGov.  Could you please comment your name ONLY IF you would be willing to pay (possibly with specifying how much is your MAX PRICE you are willing to pay) and come to at least 2/10 sessions? (If you feel like sharing: telling us your level - beginner, intermediate, advanced...PGA champion - would also help),
A very large blanket or tarp? Preferably blue! Or maybe where I could find one on campus? Thank you!,
Guest wifi password please?,
Resolved!  Can I talk to someone who's done or is doing a joint capstone (in two majors)?,
I thought I couldn’t go but turns out I can IF ONLY I HAD A TICKET TO THE GALA HELP ANYONE HAS AN EXTRA ONE? 🙏,
Which dining hall is open?,
Yet another bird post, I know, but this little fella seems to have a cut on its back and seems to be injured. Idk what  else to do other than place it in a box with some water ( i used gloves dw). Any suggestions as to what I should do?,
Anyone knows who I should go to if I lost my glasses during gala by any chance?,
Do we give our Core Curriculum User Guide and our Bulletin back somewhere or do we get rid of them? I.e. is there someone who would be interested in keeping them?,
It’s here! Join Attitude and the Caribbean SIG today at 6 pm (Arts Center 114) for a fun workshop in Jamaican Dancehall 💃🏽,
Resolved -Anybody who has any information concerning the whereabouts of my backpack (gray/ jansport/ identifying documents inside/ mac charger) is strongly encouraged to contact me,
PSA: D2 reopens at 12pm for lunch,
Tala Nassar’s number?,
Anyone going from New York to Abu Dhabi early May?,
On the tables in baraha,
Is it possible to transfer my US tourist visa to a student visa?,
Has anybody managed to borrow a camera from the library or the arts center over summer without being a film major/minor. If so, how? Thanks!,
sleepin pill preferably in a6b?,
Should I be worried if I didn’t get an email of confirmation after I selected my room?,
My soul (pretty damaged but OK) in exchange for ibuprofen, preferably in A2??,
Summer Funding UAE Secondary Deadline is May 3rd [9 AM, GST]. The UAE grant is for students who have secured an internship within the UAE. These internships must be at least six weeks in length. The UAE summer internship grant provides support towards the cost of airfare, accommodation, local transportation, and meals.... Maximum award available is USD 4000.  Notification: May 9th See More,[
Resolved] Anyone who has a bike (doesn't matter mountain/road) to lend me just for tomorrow early morning, tons of thanks:),
Phone credit? Anyone?,[
URGENT] guys pls help, i need an easy structures or literature core (old core) for next semester, any recommendations?,
Opinions on Dawn Chatty (esp Displacement and Dispossession in the Middle East)?,
Reviews on FOMST with Elisabeth Anderson?,
I have an extra ticket for the Gala. It´s free. My room is open I will leave it on the top of the microwave. Don´t take anything else. a2c 615.,
Any Japanese speakers who would be willing to do live translation on calls? Basically I would ask a question in English, you would need to translate to Japanese and then translate the response back to English. It will be 3-4 hours worth of calls for which we would pay USD 100 in total.  The calls would be spread over 3-4 days so you will not need to work for more than 1-2 hours every day - just have a flexible schedule as the calls will be quite last  minute.  PM me if you're interested!,
Anyone planning to cab to the gala?,
Does anyone want to share a cab to the Galla today at 8:15pm?,
Wtf is the fine system in the library? I have been charged some money out of nowhere with no one informing me,
anyone taken comparative legal systems with shakeel and had the course count as a poli sci elective?,
Does anyone have a curler in A5B? Pls help I have long hair that need to be tamed :c,
Fishing line anyone? pls,
Friends, what are some classes being offered in the fall I absolutely should take before getting out of here for good?,
Anyone who’s interned with MWH before?,
Cores offered by literature professors?,
Risk Management Live Streaming at A6-006 (Happening Right Now!!) click the link below to access the live streaming for ... Risk Management Strategy by Vaishakh Nair, Senior Consultant of Protiviti working in Energy & Utilities See More,
How is Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin in terms of grading?,
Is D2 open now?,[
Resolved] Does the bookstore close at 5 or 6pm today?,
Anyone knows where the iron is from A2C laundry room?,
blue bowtie? please!,
Recommendations of Arabic films with female protagonists?,
Thoughts on Deborah Kapchan?,
Is there a way to make the AC not turn on by itself?,
Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?,[
RESOLVED] Anyone with gala tickets but cannot go? I will buy 2 tickets for 150 AED. PLS :'(,
Anyone selling a ticket for the gala today?,2 gala tickets for sale?,
A mixer I could borrow tomorrow? Will return with a piece of cake! ^_^,
Thoughts on Alejandro Portes as a professor?,
gala ticket anyone?? asking for a friend,
Bakers required!! We need people who can make delicious baked goods for the last Open Mic this Friday! Let me know what ingredients you need by tomorrow, and we can go buy them for you :),
Where should I send an email to in nirvana if I need to change the flights they booked me?,
thoughts on: - Ethnographic field research (Prof. Zeynep Ozgen) - Practicum in Social Research (Prof. Daniel Karell) - Data Analysis (Prof. Jonathan Andrew Harris) - Creativity & Innovation (Prof. Margaret Julias)... thanks! See More,
Hi, any thoughts on 'Music: Histories and Cultures' with Gwyneth Bravo? (Workload, teaching style, syllabus etc),
Does anyone know where Xiao-Xiao Jiao's (Intermediate Chinese I) Office is?,
Nearest ratchet barbershop (15 AED for a haircut) Anything closer than Madinat Zayed area?,
Anyone in Why Is It So Hard to Do Good can fill me in on what's been done in the previous classes and syllabus? Thank you!,(
SOLD)One ticket left ! Someone just canceled. Let me know ASAP,
does anyone have a tripod i could borrow for the weekend?,
hellooo, help pls, is doing GEPS, political thinking and FOMST together a stupid idea? tyy,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a brownie pan i could borrow tonight?,(
SOLD OUT)FOMO hitting you hard ? Last chance to grab a ticket for the Spring Gala (4 tickets left). Come to the StuGov office (E-229) until 12:30 with your 50aed ! First come, first served.  #stugovlove,
Hey! Does anyone know someone who I could get in contact with from the finance/registrar office? It says I owe $2500 on my Bursar Account. I had the same problem  2 weeks ago and they cleared it up but the same amount just reappeared. Enrollment is tomorrow and I'm currently unable to add/view or enroll in classes. I need a way to get it resolved asap !!,
Hello!  Does anyone have the syllabus for "Silk Roads, Sea Routes and Shared Heritage" taught by Robert Parthesius?  Thank you very much! :),
thoughts on legal writing with Barry Masanori Hashimoto , alternatively thoughts on the professor himself?,
Who has a car that I can use for a film project on campus on Saturday? From 5-7pm...,
Dermatoligist recommendations please?? Kinda urgent.,
hi is "education and society" a nice class please tell me thanks,[
WON'T BE RESOLVED / CLOSED] Can we (Student Gov, students etc.) petition to be allowed to change our flights through the airline directly instead of going through Nirvana? Ideally, Nirvana should be completely removed from this process but I know it's highly unlikely to happen. Every year when I am trying to change my flight they provide me with a ridiculous quote. Often it is twice more expensive than if I simply do it directly through the airline. Always, booking a new direct flight on your own costs a lot cheaper than changing it with Nirvana due to their ridiculous fees. NYUAD Student Government,
Thoughts on Human Rights Law in terms of workload and how interesting it is?,
Extra Galla Ticket ?,
Anyone know of any professor who has studied, carrying out a research or just is experienced in Blockchain and can answer some questions regarding a project?,
Who has the ticket for today's Gala?,
Gauging interest for a Rice and Eggs SIG for next semester.,
A fun practical film class for non-film majors?,
Hey folks, Does anyone have any experience with NetSuite and interfacing NetSuite with BI software (either through TacticalConnect or another integration tool?) Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!,
selling my gala ticket, if anyone’s interested pm,
Does anyone know if Arab Music Cultures, or another Music elective that fulfills the Islamic requirement, will be offered Spring 2019 as well? Professor Quayle doesn't seem to be answering.,
Another question theater students, is it a bad idea to take Thinking Theater and Making Theater in the same semester?,[
RESOLVED]: CDAD or CADT core class recommendations? I am looking for a really chill CORE class, with little workload and a easy grader for a professor? Is that too much to ask 🙂 Thank you in advance <3,
any extra gala tickets? i need one urgently,
Thoughts on Etienne Wasmer as a professor?,
Do I still have a chance at getting my Stern courses if I'm currently 15-17th on the waitlist?,
Soda to spare anyone?,
It's simple work, but it must be properly done to receive full compensation. 4 tasks available, 4 people needed (you can only choose one task): - Drawing bounding boxes around table cells (300 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around column titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN... - Drawing bounding boxes around row titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around tables (50 dhs) - TAKEN Message me on facebook or email me (jma587) for more details. See More,
Hey does anyone know what event happened today with all the locals that were around campus?,
A bird just ran into a wall and broke its neck but it's still alive what do I do????? Public safety said they don't have procedures what should I do,
Needle and thread? Thank you!,
NYUAD ladies, anyone has a curling iron I could borrow tomorrow for half an hour or so? :))),
Thoughts on The Mind by Shaalan Farouk??,[
GONE] Gala ticket for sale - 50dhs -,
Selling a ticket to the end-of-the-year event. 50aed.,
hi. I need one more credit to finish the lit major and it has to be the pre-modern literature elective. Plz tell me the global shakespeare course isn't the only choice for fall semester to satisfy that credit. (i kinda hate shakespeare). help plissssssssss,
Dear friends, would y'all be kind enough to leave the last (double) spot in A6B 410 open until 4/22? One of my friends cannot access the portal due to technical reasons and we have already occupied all 3 other spots. Thanks very much for understanding! :),
Thoughts on Intro to Comparative Politics with Melina Platas and/or Intro to International Politics with Muhammet Ali Bas? Those courses were not taught by those two before so maybe comments on the professor's themselves?,
Can a minor requirement be double counted as a core? I can't find any info about double counting courses in general...,
Cores with a class trip?,
Recommendation for a Political Science method electives for next Fall? Ideally, one with a workload that isn't too heavy?  Also, thoughts on Everything is A Remix?  Thanks x,
Peacebuilding with michael harsch?,
ISTANBUL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SPRING BREAK  Hey guys! since half of the school population is going to Istanbul for spring break and a lot of people asked me about what to do, I thought I’d just share this on ror. (I live in Istanbul). This is so long so I kinda just put it in categories. You can message me if you have any other questions! Also, because I’m a really food oriented person, these recommendations are quite food oriented.  Make sure you get an IstanbulKart as soon as you land in Istanbul. The public transportation system is really extensive and you can go anywhere with it. Don’t forget that Google Maps will tell you which public transportation to take!! The official public transportation works with IstanbulKart (metro, metrobus, ferry, motor, buses, etc). There are also privately owned public transportation systems, like dolmuş, minibus, etc. These ones can be a bit tricky to use as tourists (no official payment system/the driver 98% won’t speak English/no official stops, you just say can i get off here, etc). But the official public transportation should get you anywhere, anyways.  Istanbul basically doesn’t have wifi anywhere except some restaurants. Don’t be surprised!  If you haven’t checked yet, Turkish lira and dirham almost have the same exchange rate. So when I’m saying 120 lira, I mean like 120 dhs.  Also, I’m not gonna mention any obvious, touristy places, like the Maiden’s Tower, Hagia Sophia, Topkapı Palace, etc.  Üsküdar: Kuzguncuk, Meter Döner, Paşalimanı Kafe, Fethipaşa Korusu, kebab  This is the Asian side, you can cross over with a ferry for couple liras. When you come to Üskudar (you’ll be by the sea), just walk towards Kuzguncuk. This should be about 1, max 2 km. Kuzguncuk is super cute, reminds me of Notting Hill in London. Should have couple shops as well. For food, go to METET Döner. Order döner, my favourite is pilav üstü döner (this is basically meat on top of fried rice). This restaurant is quite cheap, especially according to Dhabi standards but SO delicious. When you’re walking back to central Üsküdar, you should cross by Beltur Paşalimani Kafe, it’s around 500 metres from Kuzguncuk. This place is run by the municipality, so it’s also relatively cheap. But the location is AMAZING. You will literally be sitting on the sea with a full fledged view of the Bosphorus. Order Turkish tea if you don’t feel like anything else. When you leave Paşalimanı Kafe, keep walking on the coastline and you should see the entrance to Fethipaşa Korusu. This is a tiny park/forest. Walk up the park and you will have an amazing view of the Bosphorus from above.  Another of my favourite places in Üsküdar is this tiny kebab shop called Urfalı Kasım Usta. They have the best kebab in Istanbul imo. Get Adana kebab if you like spicy food, Urfa kebab if you don’t. They’ll bring it to you with your kebab, but if they don’t, ask for ezme. My fav food that no one can replicate. It’s a type of tomato/chili sauce but it’s so good. Also, if they still have it (they run out really fast), get some liver. I don’t eat it but people love it. They cut it into pieces and fry/cook it with butter. Also get ayran, the Turkish yoghurt drink. Don’t be surprised if no one speaks English, this is the least touristy place!  Kadıköy: Koço, rakı balık, ice cream, bars My fav place in Istanbul. Again, on the Asian side and reachable by the ferry. This is a more  hipster, young area of Istanbul and it will be incredibly crowded. What you should do in Kadıköy is basically walk around and explore. Start walking from the street between Starbucks and Coldstone ice cream. This location description may sound weird but it’s really obvious what I mean when you’re there. You will see lots of cool shops. Go to Kadıköy around 5 pm, walk around a bit, eat, and go drinking. For food, go to Koço Meyhanesi. This restaurant is technically in Moda, a neighbourhood in Kadıköy that will take you 20 mins of walking to get to from the ferry. This place serves rakı balık, which means meze (Turkish tapas), seafood and Turkish alcohol. THIS PLACE MAKES SUCH GOOD FOOD. It’s also quite expensive. I would say 130-180 liras per person depending on how much you drink. But that also means it’s just a bit more expensive than any restaurant in Abu Dhabi. I think it’s worth the money. Once you’re seated, they’ll bring out a huge tray with all the tapas they have. You can choose whatever looks food. Here are my recommendations though. For cold starters: Haydari (yoghurt), Fava (bean puree? idk), Octopus salad, Hamsi (anchovy ancues), midye dolma (stuffed mussels, order one per person), lakerda (salt cured fish). For hot starters: kalamar tava (calamari), karides güveç (shrimp casserole), tereyağında karides (shrimp fried in butter), midye tava (fried mussels). Then order Rakı, 35 cl should be enough for 5-7 people. Keep in mind that two fingers of rakı are mixed with a lot of water and ice. Just because you think you drink well don’t think you can drink a lot of rakı!! Also, what we usually do is just order a lot of mezes, which is the stuff I listed above, and share. You can also get proper fish if you want but I don’t find it necessary after all the amazing tapas. For dessert, you can stop by Ali Usta Dondurmacısı. This is a super famous ice cream shop. 5 liras per scoop, super good ice cream. Alternatively, go to Abbas waffles next door and get waffles.  After food, go to Ayı Bar. This is my fav bar in Istanbul and it’s usually quite crowded. If you cant find a place, go to Fil next door. Alcohol in Istanbul is usually 15-20 lira for beer, 30-50 for cocktails and hard liquor (per glass). Karaköy: BAKLAVA, (hipster) shopping, developing film, Galata Tower, alcohol  Now we are in the European side. Another of my favourite neighbourhoods. In Karaköy, YOU HAVE TO GO TO KARAKÖY GÜLLÜOĞLU. This is a must to get the BEST BAKLAVA in the world. I’m not kidding. My favourite one is kaymaklı baklava, which means baklava with cream(?). It’s the kind that doesn’t have nuts in it. But baklava with pistachios or walnuts is also so good. Trust me on this. Go to Güllüoğlu to have Baklava!!!  Great place for hipster shops. Just walk around and explore.  Also, if you need to develop film, there is a Fujifilm in Karaköy really close to Güllüoğlu.  Apart from very important baklava, the best thing you can do to explore Karaköy is walk around the neighbourhood. Karaköy isn’t isolated, it connects to other cool neighbourhoods like Galata and Beşiktaş. You can walk to the Galata Tower from Karaköy. Especially at night, the neighbourhood around Galata Tower is really cool, you can also drink a lot.  Ortaköy: the House Cafe, shopping, shisha, kumpir  Ortaköy is another neighbourhood to walk around in but it isn’t hipstery like Karaköy or Kadıköy. One of my favourite restaurants in Istanbul is in Ortaköy, called the House Cafe. It’s a bit bougie, the food isn’t super good, and it isn’t Turkish food (just normal food lmao), but the atmosphere is AMAZING. There literally isn’t a barrier between the restaurant and the sea. So much so that some rich ass people come straight into the restaurant with their yachts lol. The restaurant isn’t so expensive though, 50-60 liras per meal, or even less.  If you don’t wanna take the bougie route, just go to one of the kumpir shops by the huge ass mosque (the Ortaköy mosque). Kumpir is jacket potato with lots of toppings. Use to cost like 5 liras but now it costs around 20.  Ortaköy has a lot of tiny shops for souvenirs and jewellery. Make sure you’re not getting ripped off, though! You shouldn’t pay more than 40 liras for anything.  Ortaköy is also a good place to have some shisha. Turkish shisha is a bit different than Arabic shisha I guess, but not so different. Fatih: pide  Another of my favourite restaurants is in Fatih. Fatih isn’t the most aesthetic neighbourhood but it has the BEST pide shop. Pide is like Turkish pizza(?). It’s basically dough with toppings that they bake in a huge ass oven. The restaurant is called Fatih Pide Salonu. Also not a touristic place. Get pide with kaşar cheese, with mince meat, and with beef bacon!! Also get ayran.  Pm me if you have any other questions!,
Hey guys,  Is anyone interested in babysitting on the 7th? The child is very sweet & her mother Saba, works here as a TA. Please comment below & i put you in touch with her 🙂!  "I am looking for someone to babysit a three year old girl - Sara - for 3 hours on Saturday 7th April from 5:30pm to 8:30pm on campus. She is toilet trained, can speak fluent English and is familiar with the campus. I am happy to offer reasonable compensation for their valuable time.",
Hey Guys!  Latino night preps are coming up and we are looking for musicians that would like to play (Latino and non-latino). Instruments we are looking for are keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, violin, percucions(conga), brass section, sax and vocals. We are looking for people that are confident with their instrument and available to practice around three times a week.  Please comment your net ID and instrument if interested.,
Hey guys!  I am looking to gather a couple of people who have taken a Leave of Absence or/and feel strongly about the topic or/and want to provide their experiences to be able to list out concerns and draft a letter to Dean Farley which I already met about it a few months ago. Your name doesn't have to be mentioned nor specifics regarding your experience.  This would allow us to start a conversation with admin regarding changes that could be implemented and make the process and the experience smoother and easier for future students taking Leaves.  Please comment below your netids or privately message me and we'll figure a time to meet and draft a letter together.  Thank you! :),
Hey guys! Does anyone know the nyuadguest password?  Please please 😬,
Hey all, a bit of a general research-oriented question that I want to ask on behalf of a friend- in your classes/discussions with professors/misc settings, what types of latest research have you come across that marry Computer Science with Political Science/social science in general? i.e. what are the "hot topics" that people are actively looking into these days? Would be grateful for any insight as this is a bit out of my depth.  P.S If anyone knows of any relevant programs/research opportunities/internships that offer experience in this joint field, please comment those below too!,
Hey ROR, IM BACK - long time no see. Anyways, when are summer research funding decisions usually announced?,
Hey guys! Anyone looking to change the recitation times for Foundations of Financial Markets for Fall 2018? Alternatively, anyone looking to change the course times for Ordinary Differential Equations? Please let me know!!! Might be a long shot, but please help a poor returning student out!,
Hey, has anyone ever had Alberto Gandolfi as a math professor? What do you think of him?,
Hey everyone! <3 Just curious about who is staying in AD for the summer term. What courses are you guys taking?,
hey guys, does anyone know how to figure out which classes count towards the old core? pls help me figure this shit out so i can get those done,
Hey does anyone know where I can mail postcards for free on campus? If not, then off? Thanks.,
FREE ART COMMISSION FOR MOTHER'S DAY Hey all! I'll be working on mother's day portraits over the Spring Break and have 10 spots open for commission. First come first serve! I may take more depending on time. Comment if interested. Mother's Day is celebrated 21st of March in the UAE.,
Hey guys!! Pam has extra spots on the Global Village trip for tomorrow, FRI Mar 23rd: leaving NYU @ 2:30pm and returning @ 10:30pm! feel free to email Pam if you'd like to go 💚💙,
Hey! Is anyone going to be going from Berlin to the UAE? OR who is in Berlin this semester?  We need someone to bring artworks from Berlin to Dubai before 22nd of March, willing to cover your ticket/costs and a little fee.,
Anyone who's done a research internship with an NYU campus professor in the summer mind answering a few questions about housing? TIA,
Hey all. Does anyone potentially have condensed milk? You may have a small portion of the product,
Hey, does anyone have ice cream ? Will buy you a new one tomorrow 😅,
hey guys, any advice on how much cash (in rupees) i should take with me if im gonna be traveling through sri lanka for 8 days? we’re going to colombo ella and mirissa,
hey how do u personalize a ring tone on an iphone if u downloaded a tone from the tone store bls,
can anyone who applied to a job at the library help me pls? cant figure out where to upload the availability chart on careernet,[
RESOLVED] Hey! I know this is last minute but does anyone on campus have a winter coat and a scarf that I could borrow for a week? I am leaving to France tomorrow. (Would be forever grateful and bring you something from Strasbourg!),
Hey all! Happy Nowruz 🎉 Any Farsi speakers that would be willing to translate something very short for me?,
Hey guys, I am planning to travel Uganda. Is anyone from Uganda? I  really need some help. Thank you so much!,
Hi guys, could people from Latin America help me please? I am taking class called Education in Emergencies, but truthfully I do not know what issues are students in LA facing. I know this is very broad and ignorant but could you please comment anything? This can be discrimination towards indigenous people, or limited resources, or questionable syllabi, or hard to reach areas, or truly anything you see problematics with the educational system.,
Hey, any Arab/ Arabic-speaking performers willing to help out with a theater piece?,
Hey guys! Does anyone know if the drivers Licensing Department in Mushrif is open on weekends? And if so what hours. Thanks!!,
if anyone has seen a black pencil case (more like a pouch) lying around campus somewhere, please lmk!! lost it before spring break and i can’t find it anywhere 😭 it has the words “every day is a new day” on it and contains all my pens 😢😢😢 any help would be greatlyyy appreciated 🙏🏼,
Anyone wanna petition to have Spoken or Written Contemporary French next semester? (comment NetIds) Also do we know if this has been offered in the past? (please support me) (Marielle Daria  Caroline ?),
An electric beater (preferred) or a whisk that I could borrow for 30 mins?,
how do i download a whole folder from newclasses please helpm e,
I need a small favour from Individuals that identify as either Arab-American or Chinese-American? It shouldn't take too long and I will pay you in chocolate or something your heart desires <3,
anyone willing to perform a spoken word piece? comment/DM :),
Hey guys! I'd really appreciate it if you answered the following question (it's for a class): Do you think that the type of personality an individual has impacts their health (directly or indirectly)? Feel free to add an explanation for your response in the comments. ,
Is there a site/FB page/anything that has course reviews of NYU Shanghai? +) Anyone who took IM courses in Shanghai and are willing to share their experience?😊,
PAID OPPORTUNITY: tutoring a 6th grade girl, two hours a week. Bonus if you can tutor French and/or Arabic. Must have lots of patience/knows how to handle kids! Tutor must be in AD for FALL 2018 and SPRING 2019. Comment/PM me if you’re interested!,
Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏,
Hello! Does anyone have a duffle bag (or two) I can borrow for spring break? please <3,
Does anyone have raw aloe vera or something for sunburn?,
Are there any non-cred french classes at nyuad either in Spring 2 or during the summer?,
Hi! Anyone going to Dubai on Thursday March 8 early afternoon? Thank you!,
Hey! We’re starting a new SIG called PayWrite: Publish Your Work which hopes to become a publishing hub and network for our student community. We noticed there is a lot of content (e.g. papers, art for classes) produced at NYUAD which goes shut into the drawer or stays on a computer disk indefinitely with no purpose after the semester ends.  We aim at finding the audience for such quality work that would otherwise be paid little heed here. Members of our SIG would get access to academic journals, newspapers and other leading publishing websites with our help through our network of affiliates. By participating you risk nothing but gaining audience and associated benefits. Comment you netID under this post if you are interested 😉,
Hey Guys! I am doing some research on the campus cats for a class project. I want to know more about their lives on campus -  everything from who feeds them to the parties involved in taking care of them and their general well-being. If you can name some people I can talk to, that would be great! Thank you!,
hey to new and old homies - I graduated in 2016 and am now teaching a class called "Maps and Migrations." I'm sure there must be core courses on both of these subjects - could people send me syllabi if possible?,
Hey friends, who is here this semester and interested in helping with the menstrual hygiene products pilot program? It's minimal commitment and we could really use your help!,
Hey everyone, [RESOLVED] Need suggestions on a colloquium that's great.  Or rather any thoughts on gender or the desert?  Thanks in advance😊,
Hey, all-- Who does one ask about options for going home for a couple weeks of the semester  because of a personal family matter?  Has anyone done this before? Thanks in advance.,
Hey everyone, I'm having friends visit me for 7 days, which of 2 will be spent in Dubai. Please give me must see places in both Dubai and Abu Dhabi, like ones they have to see before leaving the UAE. Thank you!!,
hey hey! does anyone know which zoo is better to visit: Al Ain Zoo or Emirates Park Zoo?,
Hey fam, anyone flying from NY to AD and could bring something over for me? Thx ❤️,
Any guy in A5C who doesn't mind submitting a guest pass form for my friend from NYU Stern? He's arriving two nights earlier than check in for his semester in AD. You just have to submit the form for his guest pass, please.,
Hey guys, I'm shooketh that in all these years we had so many currency exchange requests on here and still never had an exchange group. But now we do! Sooooooo https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuadmoney/,
Hey, Happy New Year!! Anyone taking Child Development and Social Policy? I was switched into the class abruptly and am wondering if I am missing anything? Like the syllabus or the readings? Any help is appreciated!,
Hey all.. does anyone have a mirror they do not need anymore (any size)? Or a broken mirror I can dispose of? pleaase,
Hey lovely people, does anyone has a projector that they could lend for tonight?  You would make me and Vuk Vuković very happy : ),[
RESOLVED] Hey, is anyone taking sustainable development class? Message me please,
Hey guys! I want to have a look at the syllabus for Network Everything. If anyone has it, please pm me!  Thank you!!!,
Hey! Does anyone have an abaya that I can borrow tonight?,[
Resolved] URGENT-ish. Hey guys, I'm having MFA problems and can't get onto the student portal- could someone with access pretty please send me the shuttle schedule from AD airport (if there even is one)? TYIA xx,
Hey guys! I am trying to import my schedule to google calendars. But, the times don't match!! Is there a way for me to fix that? Thank youu!,
hey guys, anyone know the email id for IT help?,
Hey guys! Can anyone share the syllabus for Introduction to Interactive media with me? Thank you!!!!,
Hey guys any thoughts on Introduction to Interactive Media? thanks in advance:),
Hey guys can any psych majors that took social psych/perception/psychology of sex and gender PM me, thankss,
Anyone has the Syllabus for Intro to Entrepreneurship with Regien Sumo? Thanks in advance.,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Are we allowed to work off-campus during the study away semester in New York?,
Who do I talk to if I'm interested in iGEM 2018?,
Bit of a broad question, but - most amazing places to visit and unique things to experience in Europe? And also any travel recommendations specifically for Spain? Thank you! :),
anyone in 'Identity and Culture in Politics' who can give me an overview of what was discussed in class today? thanks!,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to check waitlist position on the new albert?,
hello friends! anyone have the syllabus for toral gajarawala's 'on violence' course? also, i believe there was a course being taught about forgiveness (a core, natch) - if someone had the syllabus for that, i'd love to see it! thanks in advanceee,
Pls this is urgent: does anyone have an incense burner and stick that I can borrow to take a picture for a staged setting? Pls pls pls I really need one,
Anyone in 'Anthropology of the Fatwa' and can give me their opinion on the first class (in terms of workload, interesting content etc etc)? Thanks!,
Would someone be kind enough to donate their unneeded engineering ethics textbook to a great cause (me),
The Gazelle requires footage of campus cats and people who are willing to be interviewed about the cat issue on campus.,
I've got $50 and was wondering if anyone would like to exchange it for some Dirhams.,
Has anyone ever requested transportation for a non-sig event ? E.g. I’m getting people together to go see a show in Dubai (but the event is not school sponsored),
Anyone know how to download my transcript from the new albert? Step by step instructions would be appreciated ✨✨please and thank youuu,
Initial thoughts on Global Cold War with Martin Klimke & Masha Kirasirova?  Also on taking two history courses with a FYWS?,
Hey does anyone have Chinese textbooks/workbooks for Elementary 2 or Intermediate 1 that I could have or borrow for the semester? Much thanks 🙂,
Hey! Does anyone know of EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY initiatives, mainly for school systems and mainly within the EUROPEAN UNION?,
Anyone knows what's up with/'s taking care of this kitten near A2B? It's been meowing since yesterday night,
hey guys what do you think about Intro to Musical Programming1 ?,
Reviews on Ethics and Technology in Tandon NY? Is it a chill/easy course? What's the workload like? Is the prof. Patrick Linden a harsh grader?,
Hey all! Does anyone have any winter jacket (Or any winter clothes at all, really) size XS or S that I could borrow for a couple days in j term? Please, I live in Guatemala and own absolutely no winter clothes 😔,
Hey! Is anyone familiar with NYUSH's STEM curriculum? My brother got into SH instead of AD but we don't know much about the program there. Any comments on the courses/faculty/curriculum please! He's interested in CS/physics/mechanical engineering.,
hey hey hey hello! is there anyone who has done one of those programs where you go to spain/south america/etc to learn spanish?  if so, can i message you?,
Hey guys! I am writing a paper on the islamic nature (or not islamic) of ISIS, based on Graeme Wood's "What ISIS really wants?" and I am looking for articles that address this topic. I know some classes have worked on this and it would be really helpful if any of you directed me to articles you used x Thank you,
Hey, is the power outlets in China the ones with two round pointers? (Like the one in the picture?) Is this adaptor applicable? If not, which ones? Thanks!,
Hey sorry if this is a really dumb question, but just joined the MFA (multi factor authentication)  thing and I'm confused.. Does this mean from now on I can no longer access my nyu email unless I have my phone on me...?,(
Resolved)Hey guys, I lost my water bottle (that looks like the one in the picture) a couple of days ago. If you've seen it by any chance please let me know!,[
Resolved 🌟] Hey! Could anyone be so kind to lend me a cooking pot? Will repay in pasta, cheesecake, and love ❤🌻🌚,
Hey! @Ji Soo Choi has lost her wallet in the library. Found it in the printing machine in the second floor on the right side (facing the right from the entrance) please tell her to message me! I have it in the silent room,
Hey! Does anyone have information about where we can donate books this semester? I heard something about the bookstore taking course books back now, does anyone know how that is going to work or if it's still a thing that's happening?,
Hey guys, anyone has some packing tape they can lend? Please!  (Asking for a friend) 😀,
Hey guys, giving away two VIP Creamfields tickets. It's tonight, PM if interested!,
Hey! Does anyone have extra tickets for the Attitude Dance Recital?,
Hey guys does anyone know where to get tickets for the Real Madrid game this coming weekend??? All the tickets are sold outttttttt.,
hey friends and fam where can i find the exam schedule for fall 2017?,
Hey all- does anyone know anything about the CSS financial aid form / its due date? Thank youuu,
Hey guys! Do you know if it's possible to make one of your layovers longer with Nirvana, i.e. spending 15 days in Amsterdam instead of a 8 hour layover? Has anyone done this? TIA.,[
SPOTS FILLED UP] Hey fam, A group of juniors is going into the desert tonight to watch the Meteor Shower and we still have some spots available on the bus! We leave at 10 PM and come back by 4 AM the latest. If anyone is 100% committed to coming, reach out to me ASAP!,
Hey guys! Hope everyone has a good break.  Quick question, what are we supposed to do with our books before checkout? Where can we get rid of them?,
Hey, does anyone know where I can borrow a flag pole from on campus (ie whom to contact)? Also, does anyone have a medium/large sized American flag that theyre willing to lend me for an art project on the 13th? Thank you!,
Hey,  if someone lost this earphones around 1:00-3:00 in the dining hall today,  come get them from the cashier area.,
Hey, in the past a group of students have been organising black history month. Is anyone doing it this time around?,
Anyone who has done/is doing their capstone project to something related to finance?,[
Resolved] Did anyone who had troubles with the lockers in the basement find a way to open it without asking Serco for assistance? Mine won’t open even if I put the right numbers in.,
Does the Astronomy SIG still exist? If yes, does it still take people to the desert at this time of the year?,
Hi guys,  question about the Pedro Monaville - not Internationalism, he will teach another class in NY and friend wants an opinion on him as a professor.,
Hi guys, do you know where we can drop off our big cardboard storage boxes? The guard told me to fit it into the locker ...... thanks in advance!,
Has anyone taken “The First Islamic World Empire: The Abbasids” with Maurice Pomerantz? What’s the workload and grading like?  Also, just to confirm, does it satisfy the Islamic requirement?,
Christian Haefke's office hours?,
Hey guys! How do I fix this? On my room wall,
One of my acquaintances from outside uni wants to get in contact with any actors/filmmakers or drama/communication clubs here at NYU. Are there any contacts that I can presumably provide her?  Likewise, is there a contact person for the theatre/film major head faculty?,
Does anybody have a round baking pan?🙏🏼,
If you have al ain water bottles lying around, I would be more than happy to take them off your hands and save you a trip to the refuse room (collecting for a recycling project). 🖖,
Hey people, a friend of mine is considering moving to Abu Dhabi. He is concerned that 2700 USD a month will not be enough. I actually am not familiar with the rent rates.  Do you think 2700 USD a month is good enough to live in AD? (He will be working at twofour54 location wise) Thank you very much!,
I have AED and need USD. Anyone up for an exchange?,
Does anyone have anything for soar throat and fever in A2? I think all this crying after my friends is getting to me 🤒,
Looking to exchange 2500AED ish to USD,
Resolved ❤ Quite urgent, anyone who has taken Sophia Kalantzakos' class? Pleaseee I have a few questions 😥,[
RESOLVED] Does anyone have antihistamine pills or any kind of antihistamine/artificial eye drops plssss,
Hey guys! I hope your break is going well. I just need some minds that aren't completely clueless about computers (unlike me) to advise me about this laptop I wanna buy :) (or an alternative works too) thank you x,
Anyone going to Dubai at around 10 am tomorrow (21st)?,
Getting rid of my hangers (25) and laundry basket (the white plastic one) and my towels/washed sheets they gave us visiting students at the beginning of the semester. [[Not sure if anyone wants the stuff, but if it's unwanted I'll throw it out. The towels and sheets are white, and can be bleached to be just like new.]],[
resolved] hey guys, what number do i call to book a cab?,
Photographers here in Spring with an investment in civil rights, show yourselves.   I have a paid opportunity for you to do some really incredible work.,
anyone ever got around and took a class with a pre-req in new york without having fulfilled the pre-req? can a professor dismiss the pre-req on an individual case and issue a permission number? i wanna take a class in stern that has intro to marketing as a pre-req, but all the intro to marketing classes are full and intro to marketing is not offered in ad,
Hey guys! Part 1: I have: UAE Dirhams. I need: British Pounds. Part 2[RESOLVED]: I have: Georgian Lari and Jordanian Dinar. I need: British Pounds/UAE Dirham.,
Has anyone negotiated accommodation deals with a hotel in Abu Dhabi before? (like for people coming for a conference) alternatively, someone who's used the A1 dorms for guests?,
Anyone going to the Club World Cup final and willing to share a cab?,
Hi is anyone from StuGov in C2?? Need storage box,[
SOLVED] Anyone wanna share a cab to Zayed Sports City Stadium at around 7:30?,
Hey all! Clothes for sale! New and never worn. Most of the prices are reduced but can be negotiable. (F) is for her, (M) is for him, (U) is unisex. [Sold] (F) Red blouse from United Colours of Benetton, Size: XS, Price: 85dhs (F) Yellow blouse from Debenhams (H! by Henry Holland), Size: 10, Price: 100dhs (F) Grey shorts from Debenhams (Iris & Edie), Size: 10 (Euro 38/US 6), Price: 70dhs (U) Captain America shorts from Splash, Size: S, Price: 40dhs (M) Black ¾ shorts from Splash, Size: small, Price: 70dhs (M) White dotted shorts from Splash (Being Human), Size: 30/small, Price: 95dhs (U) Sports costume from Kappa, Size: small, Price: 150dhs PM me if interested/for Q's or Whatsapp 0502243319,
Hey friends, any guy in A5B who could sign me in as an overnight guest at around 9pm? I already have a guest pass for another building but I just need to not get kicked out at 11pm from there.  Help an old guy out pls.,
hey scholars abroad in NY!! Anyone enrolled in 1 or more Stern courses this semester?,[
URGENT] hey y'all I need bananas for my film like right now if anyone has them,
hey hey does anyone in a6 have cinnamon and/or vanilla? alternatively, does anyone have a projector for tonight?,
Hey! Does anyone have experience in startups and/or social enterprises? Alternatively, tips on who I can contact for this?,
hey, so i've managed to lose 2 pairs of sunnies in one week. If anyone has seen some sunglasses laying around please let me know! Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have Gaviscon or any other medicine for heartburn? Thankss,
Hey all! The One Africa music fest is happening in Dxb tomorrow night. We managed to get a student discount (20%) found at: https://dubai.platinumlist.net/event-…/…/one-music-festival… The line up is lit and through a partnership with Sorbonne, we got a bus. We got 3 more spots open on the bus. The bus ride will cost 50AED back and forth. Text me or Yero to book your sit. One love One Africa,
Hey! Anyone has experience with making a class pass/fail and is currently in the library?,
Hey, can someone tell me about the “Intro to Musical Programming” course? Like is it too computer science-y that a non-comp sci major would not be into? Is it difficult, etc etc. And to add on, also pls comment on “Fundamentals of Digital Audio” course. If anyone holds the syllabus of either, pls share with a confused potential music major (me) xD thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have a can opener?,
Hey guys, anyone who's got enrolled in Probability and Statistics (maths) for the spring semester and able to consider this email? Please help me, I really need to save my semester study away, ideally next academic year. save my life and I will love you forever. please please please 🙏🙏🙏,
Hey y'all! There's a bird that's stuck in the handles of a shopping bag and it's now in the bushes by West dining hall stairs (ground floor). Arianna has gone to get a pair of scissors to cut it free from the bag, but if there's anything else you think we should do, let us know!,
Hey guys! The Business & Finance is looking for 2 bright students who want to learn to trade on Bloomberg through FOREX. We are going tomorrow to Sharjah to the American University of Sharjah early in the morning at 9:30 am and are gonna be back by evening. Whoever is interested, comment under this post or pm me!,
Hey! Where can I find a list of courses? Cant find it on Student Portal! Thanks!,
Hey guys, I think this archive may be useful if you didn't already know about it! Cheers.,
Hey everybody!! Vera recently performed in Yas Mall during the Fall Break for the Yasalam 2017 Emerging Talent Competition (Its a big deal. She is basically famous now). Lets show her some purple love and support her now in the voting procedure of the contest. You can vote for her by accessing the following link: https://survey.fbapp.io/yasalam-2017-emerging-talent-compet… All votes count!! If she wins she will perform at the F1 concert!!,
Hey, so I lost one of my earrings somewhere in the arts center today, particularly in/near the black theater and green room beside it. It is the pair to the one in the picture. Please help me find it xD much appreciated. (Might also be near/in 144 and the prop room in the basement),
Hey! Can anyone share thoughts/syllabi for any of the following classes in London: British Politics with Scott Kelly Into to Marketing with Rajesh Bhargave Architecture in London with Alan Powers Management & Organizations with Dorota Bourne Thanks!,(
resolved) hey! does anyone have a large thermos (or maybe something like the picture below) that i could use to put chai in tomorrow? please, i'll give you a cup 😊,
Hey guys! I'll be performing with the Abu Dhabi Choral Group (ADCG) along with Leanne Soriano Talavera, Ian Hoyt, and Yoon Haewon on the 16th and 17th at the Folklore Theatre! Would love to have everyone there!  You can buy a ticket off of me for a cheaper price, or purchase online or at the door when arriving to the theatre. There are three performances: Thursday the 16th at 7:30 PM Friday the 17th at 2:30 PM and 7:30 PM Message me for any questions you have. <3,
Hey, does anyone have a spare phone I could borrow for about a week. My phone broke down, and I just need to do MFA, doesn't have to be a smart phone, literally anything would work.,[
URGENT] Hey guys, does anyone know if there are any official stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who graduate (on time)? Alternatively, are there any annual stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who drop-out?,
tl;dr: volunteers needed Nov. 18th and 24th Hey guys! the Debate Union is hosting its Highschools debate tournament this weekend (18th) and the upcoming week (24th)! David, Sarah, Chris and Nicolaj have been working very hard to make it happen, but we still need some help! If you have some time any of those days, please reach out to me with the times that you'll be free and I'll put you in contact with them! Thanks all!! <3 xoxo,
Hey! Anyone have juggling balls they could lend me by any chance? Size does not matter.,
Hey guys, if anyone knows of post docs at nyuad right now (researchers or research instructors works too) in the sciences and engineering (Maths, CS, Psychology, Engineering, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics) and can give me their names and/or contact details, I really need them! Thanks!,
Hey, is Janice Liu no longer the person responsible for Student Portal posts?,
Hey guys, help me pick the easiest core possible for the next semester. I am choosing between Language of Computers - Sana Odeh Water - Awam Ampka Identity and Object - Fiona Kidd Other suggestions are welcome as well,
Hey, does anyone have an extra ticket for the Aeneid?,
Who leads the Chinese Cultural Club?,
Need some white/ silver fairy lights for an event this evening. PLEASE!,
want to get your PORTRAIT done by an awesome artist (me) AND help out a student in need (me) for his project (it's for a class)?? PM me (or comment here if you're scared of intimacy) a picture of your COOLEST SHOES and get a chance to be part of my awesome DRAWING SERIES! (coolest can also mean worn out and old-looking. also, i don't really care about colors as much as I do about shapes) (for clarification i would draw both YOUR FACE and YOUR SHOES) (it doesnt have any specific meaning/depth i just like drawing both shoes n faces) drawing quality not guaranteed thanks,
Anyone have a coat I could borrow for this weekend? will bring you a present from Athens in return!,
Really long shot but does anyone know where I can get acupuncture needles? It's for an art project. (resolved)Also, does anyone have a Buddha statue that they don't use for religious purposes and don't mind me lending for the same art project...? Will be returned in one piece.,
can I pm anyone who has opinions/thoughts on how or whether nail polish impacts one's wudu? thanks,
Thoughts on Sheetal Majithia (Postcolonial Turn) and Mario Chacon (Comparative Politics)?  The reviews already posted are a bit confusing.  Thank you!,
For anyone who has taken Directing the Non-actor: Singular Drama with Scandar Copti, are the evening monday sessions (6:30 pm-9:30 pm) a regular weekly thing, or do they just happen occasionally?,[
RESOLVED] Might be a bit of a stretch and also pretty minor, but - anyone has a spare pair of rubber earphone plugs like these? I lost one of mine today and buying new headphones bc of this seems silly. Please please!,
Spanish speakers? ( Fluent and/or native),
resolved im an idiot:  hey guys, i managed to lose my phone somewhere in a5b this morning. it has both my id and my room key as well. i'd really appreciate it if i could get it back, considering im officially locked out of my nyu accounts smh. thanks guys!! x,
Hey Guys! Any thoughts on Foundations of 3D with Sandra Peters?,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a male winter jacket or coat I could borrow for few days since I didn't pack for the cold weather in the NYC. Will repay in either goods from the US, meal swipes or hugs :),[
Resolved] Hey guys, I have two free golden circle tickets to Mumford and Sons.  First to comment gets them!,
If you're a Blockchain whiz and interested in building something awesome, I am setting up a dinner at the request of one of Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rashid advisors who wants to look into blockchain applications for the Dubai government. It's informal and the goal of the meeting is to set a for-profit venture with the said advisor to go after government projects.  The dinner is scheduled next week, followed by a meeting with the Dubai Land Department's management for those who are shortlisted from the dinner to explore possible applications. Let me know if you're interested (not looking for theoretical blockchain enthusiasts, looking for people who can develop blockchain based applications),
Required: People with great stories from their grandparents they can share. Next week is the 2nd episode of Things My Grandparents Told Me, and I need your stories! Please reach out with stories about love, war, both or anything at all!,
Hey guys. Is there a current film and new media major that is willing to speak to me about their experience? Please...,
Review on Sound Art; Jonny Farrow?,
Dear upperclassmen economics majors, I am planning to enroll for the principles of Macroeconomics next semester but I came across the following message. Does this mean that I can't take the course until I get to sophomore year? Has anyone done otherwise? I'm confused because given that it's an intro course and I have also done Markets, I should be clear for the course in Spring.,
Has anyone filled out a reimbursement claim form for our health insurance, and paid on the NYUAD citibank prepaid cards and knows what card details to put to get reimbursed? TIA!,
RESOLVED)People who worked/acted in The Aeneid, is it possible to get the music that was playing at the start/before the performance? Thank you,[
RESOLVED] I'm a little lost. The foreign travel form requests the travel start and end date. But my j-term course is in Abu Dhabi with an international trip, and I haven't been informed of when the trip will be happening during the 3 weeks of j-term. What should I be doing in this case?,
Any thoughts on the following courses?  And would love any recommendation for a good science core!!! (harder than ever to find one) 1. Theory on Everything with prof. Hisham Ahmad Sati  2. Uncertainties in Science with prof. Mallory S.E. Roberts  Thanks fam!,
Anyone who transferred from another university to NYUAD (preferably a local university but not necessarily) that would be okay with answering a few questions? 🙂,
Hi, I am looking for arabic speaking students that are interested in law!,
Anyone have a pie tin,
Shoutout to students in engineering and science department who want to show their projects/research to NYUAD donors.  Send me the links of your publications, photos of the competitions you've participated in,  3D models or awards, basically anything that we can use for an exhibition in the Office of Advancement and Philanthropy.  My email is: ek2522@nyu.edu,[
resolved] Has anyone applied/ went through the admission process for the NYU Shanghai campus as well and wouldn't mind sharing their experience?,
Thoughts on Concepts of Film and New Media with Awam Amkpa?,
Could I borrow somebody’s H6 tomorrow (Thursday) for a quick voiceover? Need it by 5PM, will be done in an hour. I promise I won’t ruin it...,
Plz anyone haz needle and black thread plz plz someone,
Does anyone have a fishing license and would be willing to answer some questions for one of my assignments??,
Hey guys! Did anyone have any experience in doing an internship that counts for credit? Preferably in the sciences?,
Is Psychology of Sex and Gender doable for someone who hasn’t taken any psych courses before? Also thoughts on Prof Napier please :),
panadols/painkillers please?,
Hey guys! Does anyone happen to have a belt/scarf in the following colors (orange/yellow)? Also, anyone have any black ballet flats in size 7/8? All will be returned by Nov. 18 :),
Hi I can't find any review on Khulood Kittaneh, how is she for Elementary Arabic I? Thank you :),
Hey!  Does anyone have two squash rackets, that you could borrow me real quick? Thx,
Hey Squash players! Jay Raja from Athletics will try to revive the Squash club this semester and he is scouting for interested people. Most likely it would be weekly sessions with coaching, but it's also a great way to find partners to practice on your own.  If you are interested, leave your NetID in the comments, and we'll try to set up a time that works for everybody!!,
Hey everyone, This is Gregory. On Monday Greg is flying to Georgia from Dubai and because of some complications and the fact that Jaisal Friedman is an asshole Greg has no one to travel with. He's searched for 2 weeks and no one has given this fine young whippersnapper a chance. Who can split a cab to Dubai with him? He's a great guy with a great GPA, he likes Dwayne Wade, tulips,  and does a great impression of Christian Bale doing his taxes.  He's 5'11 but 6'1 on tinder, is the captain of the NYU AD basketball team and can speak English Spanish and a flem of Hebrew. Contact him through Facebook if your interested.,
Hey, does anyone have a spare laundry basket that they'd be willing to sell?,
hey friends! this is for a project: please tag the artsiest people you know on campus below.,
hey does anyone have a photo of the shuttle schedule?,
hey does anyone have a Japanese/international adapter I can borrow for 1 hour?,
Hey guys! I need you to tag all those stylish ladies and gents on campus whose style you would secretly die for and who you would love to hear some fashion tips and tricks from!,
Hey fam! This is a long shot, but does anyone have an audio jack loudspeaker i could use for today? Thanks!,
Hello friends, does anyone have a blue storage box we could borrow for tonight pls?,
Hey, I was wondering if someone could share last year's  sample schedule for Political Science and Philosophy?,
URGENT: I want to go to Sri Lanka for fall break and finish class on Thursday afternoon. My friend I'm traveling with has Sunday classes and can't fly out until Sunday night/Monday. Would anyone who's going to Sri Lanka mind if I tag along for a few days before she arrives? Then she and I can travel safely together as a pair. (I'm afraid to go to a new country as a solo female.) HELP A SISTER OUT!,
hey, does anyone who has converted their home license in the UAE have any idea how much it costs including all fees? also did you have to get your license officially translated? just comment or PM me pls,
Hey! Is anyone going to the airport the night of the 19th? I know cabs are a little pricey so I was wondering if anyone was looking to split the fare. Please pm me if interested!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a definitive answer as to whether the Spring Housing App is due Oct 26 or Nov 17 for NYC Housing? Everyone I've talked to has given conflicting remarks, I am confused 😞,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Anyone seen a pink spiral notebook with a lot of linear algebra notes around? Rectangular, has tabs on it and has a 5 on the cover page. It's my little baby 😭 Will be eternally grateful! Thank you!,
Hey, anyone wants to go for the kayaking trip tomorrow (2-6pm)? It's free I'd love to go but have a lot of work.,
Hey guys! Any passionate , talented people willing to arrange something (a cover most probably) for battle of the bands? I can sing,  play the violin and a tiny bit the guitar. It'll be fuuun!:D,
Hey guys. This is just a friendly reminder to throw away your trash in the appropriate places. Don’t stick used gum anywhere you want to. There’s a garbage bin just a few steps away. Our campus is very clean, let’s all do our part in keeping it that way :),
hey friends!!! xx can anyone lend me a small/medium road bike for a few hrs of stress-relieving biking?? pls will repay with pasta/cake tomorrow!!! :c,
Hey! does anyone have marshmallows? will repay with hot chocolate! (preferably in A5),
Hey I have brand new gold beats that I'm looking to sell. Never took them out of the package -- let me know if you're interested!,
Anybody has experience in inaccessibility/ shortage/ cutdown of electricity at hometown? Looking for having a small talk with you for a research project! Comment or pm me if you are interested. THANKSSSSS✨✨,[
Resolved - for both me and Leonore] Hey hey pink-runners! Did anybody on the second bus back from Zayed Sports City find a purple nyuad bag with my NYU ID and key??  Global wings says a student might have it! Pls PM me ASAP,
Hey! does anybody have an Arabic 201 or 202 textbook I could borrow? Please!,
Hey guys, we are thinking about staying at Tilal Liwa Hotel for a couple of nights with some friends during fall break. Do you know of any driver with a car that could get us there and back to campus for a good price? Any estimates on fare? Thanks in advance!,
Hey, does anyone know who I should contact to get an I20 form from NYU? Or the email address for immigration services on campus? Thanks!,
Hey friends 🙂  I know this is a bit strange but I would like to ask for your help with something.  My boyfriend was nominated for the Sitecore Core Community Award 2018. (Sitecore is a web content manager)  Last year he became the first ever Latin American to win a Sitecore award. This year he is also the only nominee from a Spanish speaking country Latin American country. He is one of the most important community innovators for Sitecore in the region.  It would mean the world to me if you could vote for him 🙂  You can vote for him here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MMCD2CL His name is Santiago Morla.  Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone! No Lost Generations needs 9 storage boxes (preferably blue ones). If you have one or more that we can borrow, please let me know & one of us will pick it up :),
Hey everyone, Rudy, a professor's cat, has gone missing about 2 days ago. If you see him please call Christina at 056 207 1800.,
hey is anyone going to Egypt for fall break?,
I am doing a research on the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership), and would like to hear opinions from those who came from (or permanent residents of) the member countries.  The list includes Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam.,
Somebody on the first bus back from kayaking today forgot this small towel on the bus! Let me know if it is yours :),
Looking for people who have been to a high-school in the Emirates. Please tag your friends too!,
What's the best way to get around Ethiopia (5 guys) safely, and without getting too ripped off?,
Anyone else get a text like this? I received previous texts telling me to go to some centre, but when I asked the Immigration office they said it should be fine and to just wait until I receive an email that my passport is back... I will ask them again today about what to do, but anyone else in the same situation?,
LOOONG LOOONG LOOONG SHOT But does anyone know where I can buy myself a prosthetic leg? Or know someone who has a used prosthetic that they dont use anymore?  thank you.,
Hey guys.... Anyone know which restaurant delivers pizza on campus?,[
resolved] Does anyone have fake flowers/fake plants I can borrow? pls,
Is there any way I can escape the minor requirement for a math major? Any alternative? none of the possible minors interest me... Also, I would like to double major math/philosophy,
Is anything happening for Mental Health Week on campus? :),
Need a League of Legends player. Please.,
Does the arts center have any painting materials we can borrow? Acrylic, oil, watercolor, or tempera would be great :),
pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina)pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina),
Hey, so I'm in the process of picking my Colloquium for Spring (it's never too early ok), and I need students' opinions on the following Colloquiums if you have done so before. Would be appreciated so much, thanks. Colloquiums: -"Water" with Awam Amkpa -"Future of Medicine" with Piergiorgio Percipalle -"Disability" with Katherine Williams & Debra Levine -"Inequality" with Jeffrey Jensen  -"Gender" with Masha Kirasirova,
To whom could I file a complaint regarding the work of the immigration team? Maybe someone in charge? Or student gov committee?,
So no Reach ice cream event today?,
HELP. Found an injured dove on the stairs near C2. It can't fly and it's feet are caught on some rubbish that I can't remove. It's in a quiet room now, in a box with some bread soaked in water, which it ate a bit of. Am I doing anything wrong and what I should do next?,
Who's staying here during fall break??,
Hey does anyone have thread and beads for bracelet-making? Chur,
Anybody here who has been camping around the UAE and/or has any camping equipment they'd be willing to lend for a week, tops and/or knows any resources, has any tips for camping equipment, and camping in the UAE?  Thanks!,
Hey! Does anyone have trouble filling out the housing application for Spring 2018? :/ It says I can't access the section,
Yo, I found a pair of green earbuds near the bookstore, are they anyone's?,
Has anyone seen a pair of Apple earbuds with a cord that's wrapped in varying shades of green thread? The headphone jack is painted olive green. TIA <3,
Anyone heading back to campus from ANYWHERE in the United States the first or second week of November?,
Hey guys, When does the last bus leave from Dubai to Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys! Any idea where the bus from Abu Dhabi to Sharjah drops you off?,(
Resolved) Anyone who went to UWC willing to help a close friend with his application? I'd be eternally grateful. Thanks!,[
EATEN] Anyone want cherry tomatoes?  I'm leaving tomorrow and won't eat them by then.,
Anybody has melatonin pills? Por favor!,(
Resolved) I know this has been asked before but people that are going to be in Ghana for J term?,[
Resolved] Would anyone be interested in some almond milk? Purchased and opened today, used for solely one bowl of cereal, so it’s practically full. I don’t want to waste it.,
Does anyone have vanilla extract I could use? Just need a teaspoon. Pls and thank,[
RESOLVED] REQUIRED: Male of Pakistani/Bangladeshi nationality for voice acting. Hey guys! For a final project, we’re working on a project that represents different social realities present in Abu Dhabi.  In order to make the project happen we need a male Pakistani that is willing to be a voice actor. He’ll need to read around a page of text, and it’ll be recorded. Credit will be given during Open Studios (if desired), and we’ll definitely compensate you! Recording will take place tomorrow evening - will not take more than 30 mins. PM me or Sree Rag if you’re interested! Thanks!,
hey guys, anyone have an HDMI to apple thunderbolt converter that i can borrow for like 2 hours?  will be super thankful!,
hello, for the people who applied for the assistant job for the Louvre opening, do you want to share a cab with me to the meeting tomorrow at 6?,
People heading to Europe for fall break, I am selling euros. You can pay me in dirhams or dollars.,
Hey guys does anyone have a spare shoe box they wouldn't mind giving away? I need one that has the unattached lid.,
I REQUIRE YOU ALL TO READ THIS POST hey ladies and non-ladies, PINKTOBER IS HERE!! ❤️🎗️ We invite you to PINK-TASTIC, a collaborative event hosted by your RAs, Health & Wellness and NYUAD Faculty - come learn about the symptoms of breast cancer and how to conduct self examinations. Professor Leigh Graham will give a special talk to share her insights on self-care and women empowerment. AND treat yourself to some Magnolia cupcakes, pink-frosted donuts, strawberries, music and nail-painting while you're at it! 🍭🍥🍩 Date: Sunday, October 15th Time: 6-8 pm Venue: A5A 2nd Floor Lounge Show your support, empower yourself to take action against breast cancer. and celebrate breast cancer survivors with us! WEAR PINK coz ITS PINKTOBER!!! ALL IN, ALL PINK #TougherThanCancer #nyuadheart,
I have 2 extra tickets to this concert at Emirates Palace tonight if anyone is interested.,
Anyone has a baking pan and a measuring cup I can borrow? (Preferably A5) I'll pay you back with chocolate cake!,
Hey guys, if I want to take a class in New York next semester that isn't on the course equivalency chart, but I don't want it to be equivalent to any course in Abu Dhabi, do I still have to submit the Equivalency Proposal Form? Alternatively, does anyone know if the registrar is open tomorrow?,
Is anyone arriving at Abu Dhabi Airport at around 12:45 p.m on Saturday, 28th and willing to share a cab back to NYUAD?,
Should I try to get Indian Rupees here before traveling to India or is it easy to find ATMs at Delhi airport?,
A friend of a friend is missing in Peru -- would anyone know any relevant org/person/group to get in touch with? Thank you! ,
HEY anyone want to buy a ticket for this cool party. It's 70 dirhams online and 90 at the door, but buy it from me for 60. More info below:  https://www.eventbrite.com/e/old-schooled-silent-party-2-x-…,
Hey, my friend in Japan is doing a research on Matcha / Seafood consumption in UAE and Saudi, but she does not have many connections here, so it would be really great if some of us could help her to complete this quick survey. Many thanks!,
Hey y'all! Anyone know where exactly the board room in C2 is? (The Gazelle meeting is happening there today). Thank you!! :D,
Hey. Is anyone going to any mall  anytime today? Please hit me up.,
Hey everyone! Do you have any traveling stories about difficulties due to language barrier? Share with these capstone-ridden seniors! 😅 Jihyun, Shehroze, Tarik, and I are trying to create a mobile app that would help you in your travels, especially where language barriers might pop up. We'd love to hear your stories - about any time when you've encountered difficulties while traveling in a foreign country. Please comment or PM any of us. We'd really appreciate hearing about your experiences 🤗,
Hey! Someone who has a contact at Careem? Thanks!,
Hey guys, are the floor lounges still signed in to Netflix? Pls I just want to watch top gear,
Hey Frands, so all my fav shisha places have closed... any recommendations for good places that have indoor shisha aside from Rawaq? (I don't want to melt).,
Hey guys!  Anyone has any foreign coins (not Dirhams) that they don't mind giving away? As a coin collector, I'd really appreciate it but I also need some for a class entitled 'collecting' as I left my own collection at home 🙏🙈,
Hey! Does anybody want to swap my Fall 1 Rock climbing at 5:30 for Fall 2 at the same time? Thanks!,
hey! I am looking for people who took Computer Science / programming in high school - maybe even middle school or learned programming on their own or as some kind of extracurricular before college and are willing to answer a few questions! :) Thanks!,
Hey! So Maitha Alsuwaidi and I are super interested in starting Archery as SIG. If anyone else is interested please please drop me a message! Thankss,
Hey guys, this is asked before i know, but i didnt find enough restaurants, any good restaurants (authentic or mainstream as long as its good) in Prague? Thanks!,
Hey everyone! I lost my water bottle today-- either somewhere by the palm trees or in the dining hall. Please please help me find it, I've attached a photo Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone know how to make orange juice? I have oranges and a glass.,
Hey! Does anyone have a baking tray I could use today? Will repay in cake❤️,
Hey guys, does anyone know the nyuad guest wifi password? Thanks!,
URGENT: Hey! Does anyone have plastic cling wrap?,
Hey, I'm arriving at AUH at 20:05 on the 3rd. Does anyone want to share a cab? Pm me,
Hey guys. Looking for good tea shops for rooibos/ herbal tea. Any recommendations? ☕,
Hey guys! Need your help in finalising our plan for fall break. I'm travelling with a couple of friends and we've shortlised four places: (In no specific order) 1. Romania 2. Bulgaria 3. Kenya 4. Maldives However, we can't finalize one place. Which one do you recommend? And why?,[
RESOLVED] hey, has anybody in/around A2C got some blutac? will repay with nutella,
hey guys I'm doing a research project about poetry and social media - can y'all think of poets that are insta or tumblf famous?,
Hey, anyone have a big pot, baking tray and pan?,
HEY EVERYONE!!! Shahinaz and I are planning on going to Tanzania/Zanzibar for fall break. We are looking for fun awesome people to come join!! The more the merrier. Please PM me <3  (Also, don't be intimidated- she and I just met, so everyone who decides to come will all be relatively getting to know each other!),
Hey everyone! I can't seem to find this post again, and am wondering if anyone knows where in the arts centre this is taking place?,[
RESOLVED thanks to Danny boy] Hey everyone! I'm trying to buy my tickets for Fall break, but I'm having problems with my card. I don't have a UAE bank account yet, so I was wondering if I can use someone's card to pay for fall break tickets? It was around 2100 AED last time I checked (yesterday). I will pay you back in cash immediately. Thank you!,
RESOLVED THANK YOUU Hey guys.. so I managed to lose my cube the day I got it and i'm super upset and fidgety now so pls pls if u see it (possibly in the dining hall/library) pls send me a message :c   it looks like this!!,
Hey guys, if you know someone who moved to Dubai and looking to rent a room in Marina on a monthly basis, let me know (preferably a female).  Thanks!,
Hey if anyone please would be willing to be friends with Alejandro Mora he has none (spotted alone in the dining hall currently),
Hey Guys! I lost a gold ring today probably in D2 at around 12:30PM. It has a lot of sentimental value as it used to belong to my sister, so I really need to find it. If anyone finds anything that looks like the photo attached, I would be eternally grateful. [Resolved],
Hey Anyone in mathematical functions near a2c that i can take photos of the homework pages from,
Hey guys, where can I pick up my room key if I'm arriving late? (Sorry if it's been asked already cant find an answer),
Hey, is anyone volunteering for WorldSkills this Thursday? Looking for people to share a cab with me to the National Exhibition Center😃,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, anyone have oil I could use for cooking? Convenience store is shut (I think) and like a dumbass I started without getting any oil.,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have a spare notebook(s) by any chance? The medium/small ones are even better :) 💕 I didn't bring any from New York!! 😭,
TL; dr: free trip to Dubai at 2 pm, happy onam ;) ( pm for joining on the trip)  Hey Y'all, to all the Malayalees in here, Happy Onam!  For all of you who don't know what Onam is, it is essentially the Summer Harvest celebration in Kerala, that has its roots in Hindu mythology, but is celebrated by Keralites in its entirety . The most iconic symbol for this festival is the floral arrangement called "pookalam" so if you see these if and when you travel through the city, you know what it is now.  Anyone know of any events related to this festival on/off campus? Talking about travel, I'll be travelling to Dubai at 2 pm to my familia(in lieu of the celebration) so if you need to hop on I got space for 5.,(
Resolved) Hey! I am giving up my spot for bounce tomorrow. PM me if you want to claim it. Thanks,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
Hey! I've heard of non-credit language classes in the evenings. Where can I get more info on this?,
Does anyone have the syllabus for the colloquium "Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans"?,
Hey, I have some vouchers for Paintball and Go Carting for sale. Original Price: AED 240  I am willing to sell them at AED 120 One Voucher includes: 15 minutes of Go Carting 2 Paintball games Introduction into the game and a safety briefing All rental gear included The thing is they have to be used before September 30th, thats why I can't use them. Julius,
Hey guys,  I would like to give away my beddings provided by the university. This includes: 4 pillowcases, 2 pillows, 2 bedsheets, 2 bedspreads and the duvet.  I also have 2 large, 1 medium and 2 small towels to give away.  If anyone wants them, please comment below... * I might not have the time to give it away today as I'm leaving to Dubai but just posting this in advance. ** Only one more pillowcase left!,
Anyone have anything for fever/sore throat,
Found in A6, mind mattes stand,
What happens if i lost my box? Or otherwise what happens to the the box that wasnt stored? Help please, also if you see my box help as well,
Does the J-Term course Social Chameleons have a lab component (experimental inquiry)?,
Hey, does anyone have extra hangers?,
Required: the opportunity to speak up when I felt unable to do so last night. My friends and I have never experienced something of this sort on campus and I don't want it to start now. To the group of 5/6 guys who cat called me or some crap last night on the highline at around 3am near a5/a6 (loud whistling, "where you going?" "why are you running away from us?" "can we come?": this is a small school and an even smaller community. don't play a part in making it an uncomfortable and an unsafe one. respect each other and your fellow students, this place is home for a lot of us and one should at least feel as safe as possible in their home. you're lucky I didn't see your faces but I'm sure you all know who you are, make better decisions.,
Im not sure if this has been brought up before/ what is currently happening, but the amount of blocked websites are just insane... I'm trying to do some research and websites for alJazeera, Arab Women Organization and much more are blocked.. how can we bring this up?,11 books left! HI! Over the last year, I've given away over 100 books. I have around 30 more to give away. Please check out this link and let me know if you'd be interested in any of them (they're for free):,[
Sold] Selling a Splash Bash ticket!,*****
singing is also fine!!***** Hello everyone!! 😄😄 I'm posting this to search for people who are interested in both taking part in a band and anime songs: including Disney, Studio Ghibli, other Japanese anime songs (it's actually fine as long as you don't hate anime songs lol) XD I myself plays mainly acoustic guitar and some piano and also some other instruments in band such as bass, drum, and electric guitar which makes me be able to arrange songs for band in my style. Anybody who loves to play music and instruments, you are more than welcome to join!! 😝😝 If I gather enough people, I am planning to make this group (bands) as a SIG. The following page is my own facebook page of me playing guitar. Yunho Lee Just to make sure!! It can be any instrument as long as you can play it!! 😉😉  If you are interested please comment below with your net ID and instrument you can play!!8,
Anyone experienced in designing team jerseys? Please help! Thank You <3,
All the mugs have been claimed.,
Um... did the Arts Center actually start charging for their shows?,
Anyone has taken a leave of absence and returned on a j-term?,
Anyone willing to sell 2 tickets for Splash Bash please?,
Anyone who has done an on-campus student assistantship/research assistantship with any professor/department for more than a year?,
Hey everyone! My family found this Persian kitten on the streets, beaten up and dirty. After a visit to the vet and a wash, she's been with us. She is super cuddy and playful, and has a lot of love to share! Unfortunately, she has been diagnosed with Chorona. This is a disease transmitted through saliva and feces to other cats (humans are not affected!) This means she will have to stay away from other cats and animals to ensure others don't get infected. At home, we already have 5 others cats, and so we cannot keep her for long. We want to find for her a new home. Please spread the message and tag people who may be interested or could help. Thank you! Please message me if you have any questions!,
Anyone taking History and The Environment: The Middle East? Thoughts on the course.,
Anyone with a spare ticket for the Maysoon Zayid show tonight? (Resolved),
Hi! So, there are a total of 3 washing machines in A2A, out of which, only one is working properly.  I informed the security office this morning, who passed it onto maintenance. Any idea how long it might take before it gets resolved? Or, if I can report it directly to someone who can sort it out? On a side note, I don't think any of the dryers work properly either...,
Anyone who dropped out of Anthropology of Forced Migration and still has the Chronicle of the Guayaki Indians?,
Soo I'm kinda considering to pursue Philosophy as a major but I'm a bit confused. I'd reaallyy appreciate if any philosophy majors could text me & help me through some of my doubts/questions. Thanks!,
Where can I rent cycles for outdoor workouts ? Whom to talk to ?,
Anyone currently taking Classical Arabic Philosophy with Kukkonen and can answer a few questions about the class?,
Shreya Shreeraman you forgot your ID in Baraha. Pick it up asap.,
resolved!! Hey guys! does anyone have a baking pan for a circular cake? preferably around a5b. theeeeenksssssss will repay in love and cake,
Is there a taekwondo SIG in school? Or any taekwondo people?,
does anyone have any paints/painting supplies i could please borrow for this afternoon?,
My etisalat number just got out of service. The voiceover says I need to update my informations? Has anyone experienced this before? Do I absolutely need to visit their store? I do not have the Emirates ID yet, so does passport help during my visit to the Etisalat Store? Thanks.,
Hey! How do we book the activity rooms behind the baraha? Through Student Portal? If so, how? Any help is much appreciated!!!,
who's in charge of the Culinary SIG?,
Looking for Vanilla Extract, Mixed Spice, and those paper cup thingies that go into a muffin tray. Free muffin in it for you!,
Hello guys, A friend and I have established a non-profit organization which is based in Tanzania. It helps to connect volunteers with host families and places to volunteer in Tanzania. It was sad to learn how much money volunteers have to pay the international volunteering organizations everytime they wanted to come to my country. We also have discounted safaris for students. I will really appreciate if anyone is willing to share with me videos or pictures which you took during your visit to Tanzania, which I will use to promote my website. https://www.summertz.org. I will also appreciate a lot if you have any suggestions about our website or if you see any misleading information. Thanks.,
Hey guys i lost a bag with NYUAD or EuroMilano written on it with this shoes inside. If you find it please contact me Thanksss,
Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?,
Recommendations for good hands-free Bluetooth earphones please?,
Hey guys, can someone just quickly translate a part in a German contract for me? EDIT: I would just need you to find a sentence in it and translate it to English.,
Anyone knows if our residency is linked to our names on the UAE government system or to our passport numbers? (I renewed my passport while away from AD and I'm not traveling with my old passport that has residency physically printed on it because I thought it residency expires when away, but given new rules I should enter with it now?!) any thoughts what may happen?,
Hey guys, do you know when the salon (on campus) provides discounts?,
Anyone in Prejudice who can share the syllabus with me? Thank you!,
Any RA that I can text now ?,
Hey. Has anyone ever taken Multivariable Calculus at NYU Shanghai?,
Hey guys, can someone please help me by downloading this paper for me (http://www.cell.com/neuron/fulltext/S0896-6273(17)30694-3…) and sending it to my email (ji520@nyu.edu)? My current university's library, for some reason, doesn't give me access to Cell/Neuron publications haha.  (sidenote from an alumni: appreciate all the perks of NYUAD that you don't even realise you have - like free access to most, if not all, online journals :DDD).,
Hey guys!  Anyone forgot a Geoffrey Beene medium size sweater last year in A2A 505?,
Hey guys, I'm looking for recommendations on a chiropractor in AD? My eternal back pain thanks you in advance 🙃,
Hey NYUAD Community! As y'all are getting back into town, we at Blacksmith wanted to invite you to join us in making our campus more sustainable. You can now bring your own to-go cup to Blacksmith and get it filled with our batch brewed coffee for only AED 10. That includes those huge, American, 20oz monster mugs. We hope to see you soon.,
Hey guys! I just wanted to know when can we get our books from the book store?,
Hey everyone, what should I do if my nyuad card is expiring this month?,
Hey everyone! So an egyptian friend of mine is planning a solo trip to the balkans (he mostly wants to do Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro but up for others). Any suggestions on things to do or cities/towns to visit? What would be the best plan/track to follow? Thanks.,
Hey Guys, I want to gauge interest for a SIG for cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ethereum, etc) and blockchain study. This is a rapidly developing field with lots of rooms for growth and overnight millionaire life. Please comment below your netID if you're interested.,
Hey guyyys! Incoming freshmen willing to salsa or/and bachata her way through the first semester:D are there any latino dance classes there? Haven't seen any on albert. Thanks a lot!!♥,
Hey there! Does anyone have any really high quality iconic pictures of Abu Dhabi or NYUAD they wouldn't mind sharing with me? (They would be used as reference images for a potential art work) thanks!,
Hey Everyone.  Salon holds bi-weekly (Sunday at 9:00PM) gatherings with a different theme every time, including; equality of man an woman, racism, love, Infinity and many more in order  to create an opportunity to unite in a tranquil environment and reflect on inspiring themes and the common threads that tie us all together.  The goal is to provide a medium for group devotion, prayer and meditation; where people, regardless of their background, can come together to discuss how to develop ourselves, our communities and the world. (You do not have to go to every single gatherings you can attend the gatherings based on the topic of discussion) If you would like to join please write your email in the comments and feel free to follow us on instagram @salonnyuad,
Hey people :) Who here uses KOREAN skincare products - especially (but not exclusively) if you're not Asian? Could you answer a few basic questions on your experience?,
Hey,
guys!!:D Any people from Abu Dhabi who have attended an international highschool there? I met a mom who wants to send her girls there. Could you send me the website link/fb page? Thanks a lot!:D,
Hey guys, there is an orientation for new faculty tomorrow and couple of students will be speaking about experiences in and out of the classroom. Is there anything you wish faculty knew about our experience? What do faculty seem to miss or misunderstand?,
resolved:  Hey y'all. Not sure if anyone would have this, but does anyone know the library timings for this part of the summer?,
Hey :) Sorry if this has been asked before but what's the process to take a class Pass/Fail? Do I just email the registrar or?,
Hey guys, anyone know how should I go about authorising a friend to take my boxes out of storage?,
Hey guys! Has anyone seen a black & white purse at the Red Theatre today?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course contextual travel (FYWS) I have been enrolled on outsider but unlucky it is clashed with MVC , I need to change the FYWS  can someone give me a brief review about this course  thanks,
Hey! Do we have access to any form of online servers that we can run applications on? Something like Amazon EC2. Thank you!,
Hey guys! Incoming freshman here: Is there any SIG/Meeting/event at NYUAD where we get to (informally) talk about cultural similarities/differences; exploration of student cultures/spritulal pathways and that kind of thing? Something run by the Student Life office perhaps?,
Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course Circuit Breakers by Jonathan Farrow. (I searched already but didn't find much).,
Hello :) incoming freshman here. Thoughts on: Indigeneity (Mark Swislocki) Dignity and Indignity (Mahnaz Yousefzadeh),
Anyone currently in New York or who will be in New York by Tuesday and wants Kaplan GRE study books?,
Hey, so would it be best to exchange dollars for dirhams at Chicago Airport, Abu Dhabi airport, or Yas Mall??,
Did anyone take the FYWS: The Art and Aesthetics of International Aid with Samuel M Anderson? It was new last spring if I am not mistaken? Reading the course description, I don`t really know what this will be about. Or does anyone have experience with Prof. Anderson at least? How is he as a person and as a teacher in terms of workload, presentation of the material, grading?,
I need to talk to Engineering majors who have used their major to attempt to solve some social/environmental problems locally or otherwise, or are currently doing so. Plz comment or inbox me :) thank you!,[
PAID] Looking for someone experienced with making posters (Film/Movie specifically) MSG ME,
Hello! Does anybody have any opinions on Jonny Farrow? Is he a good professor etc..  Thank you in advance! <3,
I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and it recently has been consistently overheating and restarting... This happens about every 10 minutes. Has anyone else had this problem/know how to fix it?,(
Another one, sorry) Recs on (Montevideo) Uruguay? I have a friend who has just arrived there for study abroad and would love recs on anything from places to eat to where to hang etc etc. Also anyone there that I could connect her with? I would be very grateful :),
longshot but does anyone want to buy a roundtrip flight ticket from Dubai to Sofia from August 23-30 for $150?,
Who do I contact if my Citibank credit card has expired? (I'm guessing there's a host of us who have this problem?),
Hey all! This article was in the paper today concerning Pakistani kids in Dubai that can't pay for their school. I'm in touch with the reporter and she's looking to increase publicity on this issue to obtain more community support. If there is interest from NYUAD students to support this cause, she's looking to write an article to create more awareness and she'll help us figure out more ways to help the students and their families. If you'd like to contribute your support (through social media or donating time or money), please comment your netID below. Thank you!,
Hey guys, can anyone that's been soft blocked by NYU Careernet offer me some insight? Very confused as to what exactly this means aside from not being able to find jobs through Cateernet (also since I can't make an appointment with them I can't ask them myself lolzies). Any help is appreciated!,
Hey seniors! Are you done with finals? Congrats on finishing your undergrad 🎉 Come pick up your commencement attire and ma'a salama tickets in the West Forum! We're here till 5pm today. Yalla!,
Hey y'all!  Blacksmith will be open tomorrow from 8am to 3pm. Unfortunately, no take away coffees. 😒 But our "for here" cups are gorgeous so its okay!,
Hey peoplee! Anyone knows of someone who needs a babysitter during the summer in NY?? Pleasee help me out :D  Thanks fam!!,
Hey I have a request for anyone who is in or near Dubai right now (or going to be there in the next 36 hours). I have a friend that goes to U Chicago and they have a competition called Scav (it's a giant scavenger hunt) and they need a picture of someone in front of the Burj al-Arab holding a sign saying "BJ Scav 2k17, #RealBigFish" if anyone is nearby and has the chance to do this for me I would be so so grateful!,
Hey! I'm looking for an apartment in London and Paris for the summer. Any suggestions? Anyone I could reach out to for some advice/ help? Thanks!🌞,[
Resolved!]Would anybody be willing to help with a play(two-scenes) reading this coming Wednesday? Looking for someone who can read and speak Hindi, I'd be super grateful if you could help out. Please please please, thank you! :),
Hey guys, I need two voice actors for a class project,, :( would really appreciate it, I need 2 males, one to act as a crazy antagonist (think something like the joker) and someone to voice the lines for a victim character. I'll like give you a hug and send you dank memes :( we can record during the weekend and it won't take long, the lines aren't much. Pls ppl <3 ;-;,
Hey guys! Anyone has anymore commencement tickets? I really need two more.,
Hi! Does anyone know where we get the box to pack down our stuff for the summer? Where do we pick it up and where do we leave it? 🙂,
Hey! Is here someone who took the study away in Florence and had Elementary Italian (and still has the book)?,
Hey if anyone has PDFs of these textbooks (FoS 3&4) I would be super grateful if you could share them with me!,
Hey, does anyone have extra tickets for graduation? I'd be really grateful!,
Hey, anyone that's Lebanese or knows someone who is thats majoring or mastering in economics, business or anything that has to with finance please dm me.,
hey, long shot but does anyone know where I can:  1) leave two boxes and take them back next week when I'm back for summer school.  2) leave two boxes in an accessible place where someone who's not from the university can come and take them tomorrow.  (Given that I don't have any storage lockers or boxes. ),(
resolved) Hey guys, at around 10:20am today I put my bed linens in dryer 3, in the A2B laundry room. If someone took them out please tell me where you left them, bed linens all look the same :/,
Hey is anyone free 2pm on Sunday to help me set up for an exhibition in A6?,[
Resolved] Hey, anyone know what happens when our Citibank cards expire?  Are we getting sent new ones or do I have to start using the NBAD account? Also, I've got dirhams for your US dollars if anyone wants to exchange,
Hey guys, Sheba and Ben are working on their capstone (opening tomorrow!!) and they need some statues of deities from different religions. If you are willing to lend some statues, please let me know ASAP! Thanks! :),
Anyone have a spare storage box? I forgot the mailroom isn't open on Fridays...,
hi! when do dining dirhams and swipes expire?,
Any thoughts, or anyone willing to brief me on the syllabus/work for Thinking Theater with Edward Ziter? :),
Hey is anyone aware of whether we have vr controllers as well as headsets? Artem?,
To the people who have taken the LSATs and those who are currently preparing for it, how does one go about preparing for it? Also, is there anyone who could lend/give/ direct me to a place where I could possibly get LSAT reviewers?  Thank you in advance! :D,
Best place to buy condoms in AD?,
Hi rising sophomores! Since my sister Ilona has been offering my essay reading services, I figured I would post here. If you still are looking for someone to give you feedback on your study abroad essay, share it with me on Drive (or, well, whatever you use) at ms8390@nyu.edu  I'd be super happy to help!,
Anyone getting rid of Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi?,
Aside from the many water dispensers that exist in the dining hall and C2, were any water dispensers/fountains installed on residential floors following the discontinuation of 500 ml water bottles?,
Are there shuttles for summer arrivals? If not, does anyone want to share a cab from the Abu Dhabi airport (T1) back to campus? Arriving at 10:30 am on May 27.,
What are the study away essays supposed to be like? Are they more formal like a personal statement, or can we stylize them like we would a Common App college essay? If anyone has an example of their past essays I'd be so grateful, I'm pretty stuck on what to write for mine.,
Hey, I just wanted to know is it possible to withdraw from a class now? I was taking a 2 credit music class to boost my GPA but I think it's going to lower it given how musically talented I am.,
pls can someone lend me their sultry voice for a film about stem cells (preferably female),
Did anyone take 35mm filmmaking in Prague who wouldn't mind answering a few questions?,
REALLY long shot - does anyone want the Gov. & Religion books (2 extremely fat binders full of first amendment cases)? Feeling terrible throwing so much paper away 😐,
Guuuuys, does anyone know if upperclassmen get large cardboard storage boxes? :D,
Hey guys, Can anyone who's taken: - Stats for Social Sciences - Intro to Political Thinking - Legal Systems & Methods lend me their books for the summer? Thank you!,
Hey guys, for those staying for the startAD bootcamp, do we get meal swipes and/or dining dirhams?,
Anyone staying in AD for the summer and who's still on campus: im giving away a guitar.  I would have loved to find a way to keep it, but im away and couldnt. PM me ASAP pls if you are willing to pick it up.,(
Resolved) Need one actor to reshoot a part of a short film, need someone who can pass for a Pakistani adult. Will take a max of 15 minutes -- will be paid 50aed,
Hey guys, I cant find my skateboard. Any help would be appreciated. I last left it on the shrubberies near the garage exit.  It is a black penny board with green wheels.  Cheers!,
Is it possible for courses to double count for both IM minor and a technology core? Any suggestions about taking IM courses in Shanghai?,
Hey guys! Does anybody have olive oil? (Will repay with a piece of Moldovan Placinta) Thanks!,
Hey guys. I have 38k miles on my American Airlines account that are expiring in August. Any ideas/suggestions on the best way to preserve them? Are they worth saving for?  P.S.: if anyone is buying a ticket for travel within the US, I'm willing to buy it for you with my mileage at a much lower price than the face value. Thanks.,
Hey, guys! Any thoughts on Art of Narrative Science with Charles Siebert? 😇,
Hi, tragically uninformed person here. Has anyone who has ever made a Bursar e-check payment with their Citi card tell me what the routing number is, or kindly allow me to PM you?,
anyone know of someone with a place to rent or who is looking for a roommate in new york? my dates are sept '17 to may-ish '18.,
Anyone planning on going to the U.S. Embassy this Thursday (May 4th) morning or Sunday (May 7th) morning?,
What do we do with books that we do not want to keep? Is there a place on campus to donate them?,
Hey friends, I've lost a pair of black metal Rayban sunglasses. Clubmaster style, small crack in the lens. They've been missing for a while and aren't at public safety. Please PM me if you've found them! TIA :) :),
Hey everyone! Milica, Matilda, Shereena, Ruta, and I are doing a project about Academic Stress at NYUAD, and we would greatly appreciate if you filled out this quick survey on your experiences with academic stress: ,
Hey, does anyone have a bucket or a plastic bowl that I could borrow for 15 mins?,
Hey girls, please please avoid being my roommate at A5B room 311, you'll thank me xoxo,
Hey! Thoughts on Zeynep Ozgen? I'm thinking of taking Ethnographic Field Research next sem. Any help is much appreciated.,
Hey guys! Anyone who has been to Kathmandu before, would you be willing to give me some advice? I'm thinking about heading there between the end of the spring semester and the beginning of summer courses, but I'm struggling to put a plan together. Thank you! :),
Hey, I'm selling one ticket to Russ tonight. PM if interested :),
Hey people! Is there somebody who studied away their whole junior year at two different NYU sites and would be able to answer a couple of questions? Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone,  If you're interested in competing in a livestreamed League of Legends tournament with prizes comment your net IDs. There are limited spots. It'll be here on campus at the end of April, hosted by MSI and Paused.,
Hey, I'm waiting for the CDC to get back to me about funding but I kinda need to know... Is there someone interning in Dubai over the summer that is still looking for a flatmate? Or in the same situation (if you get funding you will live in DXB)?,
Urgent -  Hey guys! Does anyone know how long it takes to renew your student visa once expired? And if there is any way to speed up the process? Thank you!,
HEY PEOPLE! Apparently, there is a possibility to request an Accounting course in London! (It's not offered) So then we can take FFM and Accounting together in London!  Who's interested? I'm going to speak with Chuck Grim if there are at least 5 people interested! Comment your netID bellow!,
Hi people! Anyone interning in Abu Dhabi close to Media City (twofour54) from mid June till the end of the summer?,
To everyone that has taken ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 1 and/or ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 2 (sophs, juniors, seniors!): In conversation with professor Ali, myself and several other students in Orgo Chem 1 are writing a proposal to Dean Schiccitano to make Orgo Chem 1 and 2 5-credit courses (3+2 = lecture+lab), which is more appropriate to the large workload that the lecture and lab entail. If you agree with this and would like your signature on this proposal, please comment with your Net ID below and I will send you the drafted proposal to sign it.,
Hey all! Latino Night is coming up and we're looking for volunteers to take pictures throughout the night. It would be Thursday, April 27 from 6 to 10 pm. I'd be so thankful, Hmu if you're interested! ♡,
Hey, does anyone know an optics in the city, where I can fix broken glasses?,
Hey, everyone! I need to take 1 Elective: from another Art major (e.g. MDMED, MUSIC, THEAT, VISAR) to fulfill my major requirements, do you have any classes that you would recommend?,
If you're a freshman taking data structures/algorithms this semester this is a message for you!!! As you may know, the CS department is basically forcing our study away to be on Junior fall, and at the moment, the operating systems class is only offered on the fall semesters. OS is a prerequisite to other classes including networks (required) and electives (computer security and I think databases, and you must take at least one CS elective in AD). This means that as of now, you would have to waste one of your classes in New York by taking OS, or be unable to take some of the electives if you opt to take it Senior fall. I talked to Godfried today and put this on his radar, and he agrees it is a waste, so if enough people are willing to take the class Sophomore Spring the CS department will consider offering the class. (By the way, you will be fresh with CSO concepts that are used for the class!) If you are interested, please comment/PM so this can move forward!,
Hello friends! (Heads up: Not a post about Latino Night) Where can I take out my lovely mama to lunch? Description of what I'm looking for: 1) Good Ethnic food (Doesn't matter where from, but Non-Latino) 2) A place with a nice view (Ideally, not a necessity),
Hey guys, does anyone know how to create infographics? I need a person or a place that is willing to transform a document into a work of creative and informative infographics.  It's for pay btw! Thank you!,
Hey guys, does anyone know where I can view my current financial aid package? Need to fill in the exact amount on the CSS Profile. Thanks.,
Hey, I was wondering if anyone had the required books for Foundations of Mathematics or Real Analysis so that I can borrow them over the summer?,
Hey guys! I missed the housing app deadline but I was hoping to room with Hazem so I would appreciate it if no one took room A6A 502D. Thanks!,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, has anyone tried to change rooms on the housing app and wasn't able to? (didn't get the room change button) If so, does anyone know how to fix it?,
Hey, does anyone in A6B have a vacuum I could use?,
Anyone with experience of getting housing without applying for research funding in Abu Dhabi? I missed the deadline.,
Hey, Anyone got their Summer Research Funding decision?,
Hey guys, what places deliver good cakes to campus? Thank you!,
Hey guys! Did we receive the financial aid application/ CSS profile for this year yet? (Doesn't it come around first week of April?),
Does anyone have Otrivin?,
Hey guys! There's a project I am working on and I would really appreciate it if you could comment your "foolish" dream (can be a childhood dream too) Thank you xoxo,
hey!! Can anybody help move something in the arts center?,
RAs 2017-18 please comment below) Thanks,
Hey guys, does anyone know to whom to report to regarding bullying in the university?,
Students taking/enrolled in Cognition in the Fall and wouldn't mind changing the timings?,
Hey, what is the situation with accommodation between Spring and Summer semester?,
Could anyone please send me the syllabus for the Forensic Science core? My net id is nab451, thank you!,
Could the cost of changing a flight ticket (3 weeks earlier) be equivalent to the cost of the actual flight ticket? Nirvana surprised me 😂😂😂 Any experience? at least slightly close?,
Has anyone seen a grey NYU SnapBack (cap) last known location D1🙏🏽,
Classes with a whole load of class participation but chill written workload?,
URGENT  Doesn't anyone have any clothes or accessories with anti NYU or Anti NY logos on them.  What I mean by this are clothes like a Boston Red Sox hats, jerseys, Celtics stuff, UCLA shirts GEORGETOWN, Berkeley apparel. Things that signify rival schools or sports teams to anything related to NYK.  Anything that would piss off a NewYorker would be highly appreciated.,
Who to talk to for student disciplinary actions,[
RESOLVED: Thank you so so so much Lama! I knew I could count on this school ♥] LOST: this beloved water bottle that I even took a picture of because I figured I would lose it at some point :( last seen in D2 / living room / A2B lounge and I've checked all those places but maybe you people are more observant than me? Please please please if you see it let me know I will be eternally grateful and shower you in love and dining dirhams <3 P.S. it also has a "fight like a girl" sticker on it not pictured here,
Hi, did this mess up anyone else's schedule?,
I'm doing research at a climate modeling lab at NYUAD. The lab would like to work with students interested in climate and environmental science. We're mainly trying to create interest among students and there aren't particular objectives set beforehand so the research will be flexible. The work may involve exploring data on a particular climate change phenomenon, for instance. And if the student wants to explore their own climate change problem (understanding glacier melting in antarctica or exploring the El-Nino etc), they can work on that topic with a lot of autonomy. There will most likely be statistics and data analysis in the work. But someone with basic programming experience (file handling etc) and a good background in science and math can fit the role. This may start as a summer internship and the student may end up continuing work with the lab for capstone and beyond. Climate studies is a scientifically rich subject and what these models can do is pretty crazy. I'd think many students will like this. Please let me know if you're interested.,
Does anybody know who to contact for 3D printing in the Arts Center? Thanks!,
Hey, Guys! Any thoughts on Utopias and Dystopias (the core class)?,
Hey guys does anyone know if there are any consequences and what they are if I withdraw from a summer course after signing the confirmation of funding form?,
Hey guys! So I wanna take some art courses next semester and I was wondering how heavy is the work load for Foundations of Art History I and Foundations of Photography and Lens Based Media! (I'll be doing FOS 3 and 4 as well) Thanks in advance!!! :),
anyone got 2 tickets to barakah meets barakah on sun? pls pls pls,
Wondering if there's someone in particular I can talk to to ask a question about the Al Khayr awards? Not sure who the point of contact is exactly. Thanks!,
I can't check my balance on my Citibank card and I just keep getting this message, "The system is currently unavailable. Please retry later." Has this happened to other people before?,
One free ticket to watch Fast and the Furious 8 (Comment net ID) :),
Required: Information about the painted stairs/walls in Amman. More info: I am writing an essay about street art in major cities and I was wondering if anyone knows any detailed information around when this movement began, who started it? etc etc I have found some information but can't seem to find many detailed news articles etc. Any help would be much appreciated! http://www.jordantimes.com/…/volunteers-use-graffiti-add-co… http://www.jordantimes.com/…/youth-initiative-uses-public-a…,
Anyone who's taken a beginner oud course in the past? Please comment, I'd like to PM you with a few quick questions.,
Hey guys!! I deleted an important folder, also deleted it in the trash :( How do I retrieve it again???,
Hey, anybody who knows how to unsubscribe from WolframAlpha Pro? Their information pages are useless and the website's designed to prevent you from unsubscribing. Any help is appreciated.,
A file tray? something resembling this? need for just like an hour or so.,
Reading GLASSES FOUND (black frame) in the Library Study Room 404! Library closes at 8pm today so hurry up if you want to get them from the front desk. Otherwise they will be given to Public Safety (and I am not sure if you will be able to get them before Sunday).,
Hey everyone :) I know there has been a lot of talk over what D1 will be used for. I would really appreciate it if you guys could take this short survey over D1 I am doing for a class. We would like to know what the student body wants D1 to be used for.  Thanks in advance! ,[
Note: please be logged into your nyu account before accessing this folder!] Hey everyone, the Mock Wedding pictures can be found here:,
HEY YOU! Are you interested in consulting, wealth funds, entrepreneurship or even cyber security?   Then, we are requesting your presence on Thursday, 20th of April, 6 P.M. at the CDC!,
Anyone has Emirates miles that you're never gonna use and willing to sell to me? Thank youuuu,
Hey! Anyone staying over the break and might want to adopt my fish Waffles for a week? He's super easy and just likes affection.,
Hey guys, looking for book recommendations in philosophy, physics, math and computer science. Or anything else you think I might like really... Not a looking for a text book but maybe a bit more nuanced than my primary school readings.  If I can understand it, great. If it gives me existential crises, amazing!  If I can spew out the random facts I learn to mascuerade  as a learned person, brilliant! If I can listen to it, spectacular!,
Hey, Probably a long shot but, A couple of friends (3 girls and myself) are planning on going to Egypt for spring break. Anyone (preferably guys) willing to join us? We're currently planning our itinerary in A6C. Message me if you're interested :'(.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, anyone heading to the airport tonight around midnight and want to share a cab? :),
Hey everyone! I'm from the class of 2014 and am now in law school in DC. I will re-post this closer to the end of your school year, but if you are interning or visiting DC this summer I'm renting out my studio apartment. Let me know if you are interested in details!,
Hey guys, so for one of my classes I need to conduct a mock counseling interview using a "mock client". This has to be somewhat of a relative stranger to me, so essentially a friend of a friend works.  I was wondering if anyone knew someone in New York who would be willing to take part in this 30 minute conversation or at least ask around for someone who would be willing to do so. If you know of anyone interested could you please PM me and I could give some more information. Thanks in advance.,
Hey friends -- anyone willing to exchange dirhams for dollars?,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Does anyone have a cupcake/muffin tray I could borrow for the night (preferably in A2A :)) Will be rewarded with cupcakes!,
Hey guys! Does someone have a tent that they would be willing to lend to me from tomorrow ( March 13th) to March 20th? I promise to take good care of it!,
Hey. Does anyone have a magnifying glass that i can borrow till wednesday next week? Thank u,
Hey. I have a friend from the University of Cambridge trying to get in contact with Tisch students (as many as possible). Preferably someone that studied anything comedy related. If you are an NYUAD student that has taken classes at Tisch feel free to hit me up!  Thanks!,
Hey guys!I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :) Please help!!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a contact (staff/faculty/professional in the city) who'd be willing to join a panel discussion on women empowerment in times of crisis (on April 16th)? Or anyone well-versed in this area whom I can get in touch with?  (PM for details),
Anyone has friends/relatives who work in the advertising industry? Best, if in the region. lNeed some industry expertise. Thanks a million!!!,
Hey. Anyone who speaks Urdu? I really need some help for a project.,
Hey Gamers, anyone knows where I can buy a Razer Blade (14" or 13") laptop in the UAE? Can't find it on Souq.com,
Anyone who has experience finding housing in Zanzibar or has knowledge on housing in Zanzibar?,
Hey! Anybody have the syllabus for "Introduction to Accounting" (preferably the summer one). Thank you!,(
resolved) Are the online video classes for GRE (Manhattan Prep) useful? Or are the self-study books enough? Thanks!,
Do we have a print allowance?,(
resolved!) hey guys does anyone have spare anti-malaria pills they don't need anymore and wouldn't mind giving away? :),
last minute question re: summer internship funding, is it okay if the offer is made via email? or do i have to ask my boss to draft a proper letter,(
resolved) does anyone have butter milk or vanilla extract? pls pls will repay with brownies and cupcakes,
Hey guys, Is the Chief Economist of Brunei really gonna be on campus today? When??,
There is a cat in front of D2 that is limping and its face is scratched (and is also continuously sneezing and retching). Anybody knows how to help or call a vet?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have extra index cards I could have? :) :) I would greatly appreciate it!,
Happy Int'l Women's Day!! Looking for female volunteers who are willing to be photographed (and willing to tell me a little secret) .. diversity is what I'm looking for ...details will be revealed personally,
panadol preferably around a2c pls,
Are there any graduates that went to NYU law school afterwards?,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to enter the billing address for our citi cards to pay for things that require a zip code? I'm trying to donate to Tamy's gofundme page but I can't! PS, donate here! ,
I'm thinking of potentially videoconferencing with the former Executive Director of the Bitcoin Foundation, the industry's oldest trade organization. We could discuss and speculate together the future of the digital currency (or digital currencies in general). Please comment your netID here if you are interested in the event, which would happen after the spring break, probably mid-April. Thanks!,
Places to stay in Amman? Looking for the best quality to price ratio! Thanks!,
Hey guyzz, I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :),
Hey guys I am trying to break down 100&200 dirham bills into 50 or smaller.  Anyone looking to get rid their small bills? Thank you,
Virtual Reality is so 2016, be up with the times and learn Augmented Reality! There is a cool SUMMER course being offered (ENGR-AD 120 Human + Machine: Applications in Mediated Reality) Further details: Designing Genius: Summer Course in Abu Dhabi in Partnership with Etihad Airways (4 credits) Enrollment is open for Professor's Christian Grewell and Eliot Gattegno's course this summer in Abu Dhabi. We feel this will be a fantastic opportunity for students from all disciplines, but especially those interested in the intersection of interactive media and business. The Details: Combine theory and practice, with practice on site at a major business organization, Abu Dhabi-based, which is at the forefront of many technical, organizational, culture-spanning challenges and opportunities. The course runs Summer Session, May 28 - June 22 in Abu Dhabi A rare opportunity to work directly with executives across all functions at one of the world's biggest airlines. The professors, Christian and Eliot, have designed the course teach and combine skills and expertise across disciplines, including the Humanities, IM and Computer Science. Here's the Course Description (ENGR-AD 120): In this course, students will tackle Etihad Cargo’s real-world business challenges through the lens of human-centered design while learning fundamental building blocks of computer vision, augmented reality and sensor technology. This course sits at the forefront of the state-of-the-art in technology and design to challenge students to be creative in both their application of technology and their design of solutions with a real-world impact. Students will work directly with the course partner, Etihad Airways, one of the world’s leading airlines, to design, develop and test technology-enhanced solutions to real-world business challenges. Students will come away with a much better understanding of not just how to create interactive technology-enhanced prototypes and modern design practices, but also an appreciation for how to propose, enact and manage change across a multi-disciplinary/cultural modern organization. PLEASE NOTE WHEN REGISTERING:  Registration for summer courses is not through Albert. Rather you'll need to submit an application through a form available on the NYUAD Student Portal  The deadline was Wednesday but we have extended it until the end of the week. If you have questions about the course, feel free to email christian@nyu.edu.,
Tips on how to stay up for 3 days (with like 2 hrs of sleep max). Is it doable? lol,
Hey guys, anyone knows how to apply our 10% Lufthansa discount?,
Has anyone taken Corporate Finance in Stern?,
Planning a trip to Georgia, is it true that an Emirates ID is enough to get visa on arrival (group with American and Sri Lankan passports)? Also do people have any recommendations for places to go in Tbilisi? Thank you so much!!!!!,
Hey guys, who can lend me a sandwich bag ? need it for traveling,
Hey,  I'm travelling to Prague for the Spring Break, and wanted to plan day trips in and around the Czech Republic, as well as neighboring cities (thinking Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, Wroclaw, Bratislava at the moment) Anyone who has done this kind of trip, or is from these places, and can advise me on how to go about it? Also suggestions on what to do/see in Prague :) Thanks!,
Hey! Just wanted to know whether we have a Golf SIG at NYUAD? Or of anyone knows in P.E. Golf is still being offered and what levels? Thanks!,
Hey all,  The Office of First Year Experience is looking for some parents (of NYUAD students) who live nearby and would be willing to come over to campus to take part in a Marhaba-related promotional video with their children. All they have to do is ask a series of questions (e.g. what will my child be eating or where will he/she be living etc), which will be provided to them. The student in question will be in the video as well.  This will take approx. 2 hours, plus a lunch for all the participants! If you/your parents are interested in this, please leave your netID below asap and I'll email you with further details!,
Hey, How do I get a trolley? (resolved),
Hey guys, my brother will be starting IB next year and he wanted some advice regarding how to pick his classes and so on. If any of you could help him out, I'd greatly appreciate that! Thank you,
Hey! Who do you talk to when you want to do an individualised study?,
Hey! After switching my regular detergent (which I got in the stores outside of campus) to the sensitive white colored one they sell on campus, my clothes' colors bled all over, even though none of them are new/ have not been washed before. Anyone else has had the same problem with that detergent? Is the blue gel one better?,(
Resolved!) Hey guys, have you seen this grey snapback around? The last time I saw it was Saturday. I don't have a photo of the front, but it has a black square. It looks like the one in the photo. I really want it back, so if you find it around, let me know!,
Hey guys! Does anyone have a contact at The Emirates Center for Strategic Studies and Research (ECSSR)? If so, please PM me, I'd really appreciate it!,
Hey, guys! Does anyone know who's in charge of the Sound and Music Computing minor? (pls tell me it's not Godfried lol),
Hey guys, I'm scared I lost my phone.. anyone has seen a Samsung S5 in a bright red case, the front sticker reads loud and clear 'SAD ASIAN GIRLS CLUB'? In/around the Library - walk to Highline to A6. Hard to miss. Plspls,
Hey everyone! Any tennis lovers out there that would like 2 tickets to today's matches at Dubai Duty Free Tennis? Or know anyone that would like them? World No. 1 Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych will be playing today! As well as many others ☺️ 100 dhs each,
Hey guys, Anyone with USD$10.00...urgently needed l will exchange with AED40.00. Thank you in advance.,[
STUDENT GOVT POST] A huge thank you to everyone who was able to make it to the General Assembly last night! Based on the discussion we had yesterday about the End of Year Event (which will take place on April 20th), we have narrowed down the ideas to three: 1. Gala/Dance: You know how it goes. Dress to impress and dance the night away! And if you're not into dancing, don't worry - we'll have LOTS of food and dessert to keep you occupied for the night! 2. Lounge party: Be prepared for a chill night - look nice, but fancy dresses, heels, and tuxes are NOT necessary. Sip on some mocktails and eat appetizers and other finger foods as you lounge around (possibly a pool). 3. Lounge/Gala combination: Dress for a gala or dress to lounge - it's all up to you! Dance to some good music, lounge around, both, or neither (and just go straight for the food). Give us your feedback on what you want by reacting to this post! For option #1, react with "love" <3 For option #2, react with "haha"  and for option #3, react with "wow" :O **Please react by THURSDAY MIDNIGHT (by Feb 16, 2017 at 11:59 pm)** Also leave any comments or suggestions you may have in the comments section below, and/or email me at ao1402@nyu.edu. Looking forward to an amazing end of year event! ****Edit: there has been an update in option #2.,
Hey guys :)  This is a super random question but does anyone know any team building games or activities that could be done at a big staff meeting?  There are many online but I want to know if there are any tried and good ones.,
Hi guys, I have a Jordanian student who wants to apply to nyuad. He has questions about Jordanian schooling tests and such. Are they any students from Jordan who would be willing to help this student out? :),
Hey guys, I'm working on a project for 24/X. I need people who are willing to give me 5 minutes of their time being filmed answering 2 questions. Please comment below if you're willing ❤❤ We can come to you!,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Contracts with Peter Goodrich please??,
Hey! Need to borrow a grater, and long shot but a small scale for baking ?? :),
Hey Guys! (asking for a friend), when is the summer 2 in New York application due? Is it due March 1st or later? Also, is the summer application for Abu Dhabi due today midnight? or tomorrow midnight? Thanks!,
I have always wondered why are there no dogs around campus if there are cats :/ #suchanimalism?,
Hey people this cat is injured and cannot walk properly, and is also mewing as if it is in pain. Is there any way someone can help the cat?,
Hey does anyone have playing cards that I may borrow for this Friday? Please.,
Hey Everyone, currently working on a project with the Alumni Association to try to open up any type of "Maker Space" or studio space to Alum in NYC.  Are there any spaces you'd like access to post-graduation? (e.g. Stuyvesant Woodshop, ITP workspace) The more specific the better!,
Does anybody know of a Professor who has studied Conflict Resolution in any way? Could be on a personal level or big scale... Anything helps, even if his/her area of study is just vaguely related. Thank youuuu,
Does anyone have a plane pillow that I could borrow until Monday? Please,
Hey,  Did anyone take the class "Drama in Performance" in New York?,
Anybody from a country with mandatory military service who is willing to speak with me sometime today?  Thank you!,
did anyone take the core Microbes with Ignatius Tan? if so, how is the workload, is it interesting/fun?,
Would anyone be interested in working as an assistant for the core Language of Computing? The class is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2:30 - 3:15 PM with Professor Sana Odeh. Must have experience with coding in Python! ** This is currently happening, so it would be for the remainder of the spring semester,
Anyone has a syllabus of Elisabeth Anderson's FOMST??,
RESOLVED - Does anyone have extra tickets for Barzakh tonight?,
Hey guys! When and Where is the 2017 Summer Opportunities Program - Info Session?,
Hey can I talk to any Poli Sci - Psychology double majors? Thanks :),
Hey people, do we have anybody that lived or have seen Viale Matteotti dorms in Florence? Thank you! :),
Hey.. I have dollars I want to exchange to dirhams if anyone is interested,
Hey guys! Can u have some advice on "A Thousand and One Night's" as a core class? Was it interesting? The professor is Luis Paulo-Lemo Parreiras-Horta. Any thoughts?,
Hey guys, Hennie Ward and I are both in need of white pants/skirts/dresses/abayas that we could borrow tomorrow afternoon for our class. (We promise to keep you whites white, we will look after them!) :),
Hey everyone,  So for those who have done research in the summer, were you guys on F1 visas?,
Hey guys! My friend from The National is writing a story about the US travel ban. Do we have any people that are citizens or originally from Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Syria or Libya?  If so, please comment with your net ID for a 5 minutes phone call about how this Trump ban effects you. Thanks!,
Hey!  Do we have any latino dance lessons on campus?,[
Urgent] Hey guys! Does anyone have dicloran gel or voltaren gel or any similar cream to treat swelling in foot?,
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you knew if any Business related or Management were amongst Majors that were considered to be added to NYUAD's list? Alternatively, does anyone know if a Management or Business concentration can be pursued in a Global Network Site (especially NYUNY)? Thank you.,
Hey guys! Looking for a part time content writer who can write (blog posts, social media posts) on topics of education and travel. Your compensation TBD. PM me with some examples of your writing.,[
Resolved] Hey! Does anybody how to import your classes to google calendar? Thanks!,
What are Student Government's operating times to borrow Al Vroom (or any other trolley)?,
Non-travel related: How has NBAD contacted you for your debit card pickup?  I applied in early November and still haven't received a notice.  I called their toll free number and their representative was unable to provide a status on my application.,
Can anyone taking Indian Political Thought: Idea of India, send me the syllabus please? Thank you!,
Anybody know why I have no mealswipes? Who do I contact about this.,
Hey guys :) quick question regarding capstone during January term - do we have to attend any class, as indicated on Albert, or is it just independent work? Am not sure how this works. Thanks,
Anyone took a class with Professor Vicky Kiechel? NYU DC? (I'm sorry, I don't have access to course review because I don't seem to be a student),
Student Gov people: plz plz I need to borrow a trolley at 1pm... tried emailing u but no replies. Help?!,
girls interested in doing WO brazilian jiu-jitsu, please comment or pm your netid,
Anyone willing to lend me a duffle bag for a week long class trip? Will get you a souvenir from Kenya.,
Anybody know if the school still offers Rosetta Stone for free?,
Does anyone have a laundry bag that I could use / buy? Mine was stolen las semester and I don't feel like stealing someone's.........,
People who have been to Sri Lanka, how did you move around?  Is hiring a driver a good idea/ cheap? Does anyone know a driver there? Thanks in advance!,
Does anyone know why Ryanair's website doesn't work? Many of my friends have problems accessing it in this country. And possible ways to get around it? Thank you :),
Any Lit majors who i could talk to?,
Someone who can code Python and wants to earn money from it? Preferably someone who has taken Data Structures and Algorithms. PM me.,
Does anyone want to share a taxi to the airport tomorrow morning at around 7am?,
Anyone have some gift wrapping paper they'd be willing to part with? Pls I don't need much,
Can anyone add me to the course review website? Here is my netID: aa3817,
Hey guys, if you identify as Western European and you could take this survey  (it's 2 questions, won't take you more than 10 seconds) you'd make my life much easier!,
hey friends in a6b can we please get the tables in the second floor lounge back since we are no longer celebrating unthanksgiving i can help in transportation shukrannn,
hey people doing the piano/singing recital~where is it?,
Hey guys,  Does anyone have experience with not being able to reach the airport they fly out from (due to snow, closed roads, etc)? Could GlobalEd help us in any way or is it all on us to resolve?  Thank you and have a great NYE!,
Hey guys! I'm wondering what your thoughts are on my hairstyle? It's for a class ,
Anyone know what time the library loses today? Is it still 8pm? Are hey extending hours becuz you know... finals?,
Hey guys, I lost my ID (maybe around the lib cafe), please let me know if you find it :(( thank youu,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have Christmas lights or fairy lights we can borrow for the evening?,
Hey everyone, thoughts on these J-term classes? CORES-AD 73J Meaning of Life COREA-AD 68J Music and the Mind CORES-AD 75J Idea of the University COREX-AD 55J Social Chameleons,
hey! i require a native spanish speaker to check a lil something for a friend of mine. quite urgent, promise it won't take long! pm me. gracias!,
Hey guys, has anyone ever cancelled their ticket home over break with Nirvana and just booked their own ticket? Is there a cancellation fee? How helpful are Nirvana and Global ed? Is this even possible to do? Thanks in advance for any help.,
hey fam anyone has some cake ?,
Hey lovelies, [resolved] Is A6 open to students over the break (today)? just the first two floors.,
Hey, can I borrow playing cards from anyone? Pleaseeeee,
Hey guys - I'm writing a case study on tattoos and would like to interview several people with tattoos. It'll just be a brief couple of questions and I would really appreciate it. Please comment below if you're interested!,
Hey people! Does anyone know when we get our spring stipends? Thanks.,
Is the office of Global Ed open today?,
hey guys!!  does anyone know how i can print my geoblue insurance for nyc?  thanks🎈🎈,
Hey guys! I just received my NBAD card, can I set up the pin code through our ATM or does it necessarily have to be NBAD ?,
Hey guys, I am seeking for advice on laptops.  Expectations are: 1. Can run PS & Indesign, 2. Can run Civilization VI (without getting stuck), 3. Battery lasts long. Thank thank thank youuuuuuu!,
Anybody at the library right now?,
Any one with a tonne lot of campus dirhams and doesnt know how to finish them? I am here for you😊.,
Hey guys! So out of desperation and sheer necessity, I enrolled in a FYWS with Camilla Boisen. I currently am on the waitlist for Bryan Waterman's "Records" and have edited a swap with the former if I get in. I was wondering if anyone has any thoughts on Camilla Boisen and whether I should stay in this class, as I do not want to go in without knowing what to expect.,
HOMIES is there an nyuad alum group?? I'm sure there is and i was equally sure i was in it  but it turns out i am not. I have an awesome opportunity for alums that I want to share,
Has anyone interned at the US Embassy in Abu Dhabi before? Mind sharing your experience with me? :),
hey guys, would any of you be interested in Carnatic music lessons or workshops? I went through many years of training as a Carnatic vocalist but i'm starting to forget some of it - so I thought if enough people are interested, maybe doing a series of classes/workshops can help me practice :)  (if not, i'm also open to other suggestions on how to keep in touch with an art form that's not common in NYUAD!)  for reference:,[
Resolved!]A luggage scale anyone?,
Dear People, What is the best way to resolve student travels giving me extremely absurd and inefficient routes and argue that this is the best efficient way?,
Good afternoon :) Is anyone willing to lend me a luggage scale for a couple of mins? Please-please-please :3,
Hey ^_^ Is anyone in the US right now that can take a small box of gifts for my family with them to the UAE and mail it to them there?  I'll pay for all shipping and baggage costs and leave a few gifts for you too!,
Hey guys - for finals, where is WA-005?,
Hey guys! Anyone who has taken Foundations of Art 2 and can tell me what it is all about? Or the syllabus?,
Hey y'all is anyone going to any mall today and could grab me something while they are there?,
Hey y'all I'm creating a playlist for defend the nest tonight? What songs you wanna hear while we watch the falcons kick some ass!?,
Hey lovelies, I'm going to Shanghai for Jterm and I need to apply for the visa while I am here in NYC. Has anyone ever applied for a Chinese visa in NYC? The consulates website isn't that helpful and no one from the office of global education is answering my emails. Thank you!,
Hey all -- I'm coming to AD next semester and have absolutely no requirements I need to fulfill while there. Any suggestions for your all-time favorite class?,
Hey guys,  A friend and I were thinking about buying some equipment, so we wanted to know if anyone would be interested in possibly renting gopro's, drones, action cameras, etc. If so please like this post. So we can get an idea of interest levels.,
hey guys does anyone want to go on a date with me,
Hey guys, we're getting a bus to attend the Sharjah International Book Fair on Friday, 4th November, specifically Rupi Kaur's seminar on "The Poetry Field: Poetry and its Large Audience"!!!  Okay, logistics. The bus will cost us around 900 dhs and can seat up to 30 people. That's 30 dhs each, way cheaper than using public buses and cabs to get to the Sharjah Expo Center, where the event is taking place. Comment below with your net ID if you're interested in attending. Submit your money tomorrow to:-  Vamika Sinha from 11:00 am-1:00 pm (Library Cafe)  Me from 7:30 pm-8:30 pm (D2)  TOMORROW IS THE ONLY DAY THAT YOU CAN PAY.  The bus will leave the Welcome Center at 5:15 pm sharp and we're expecting to get back around midnight. More information at: http://www.sharjahbookfair.com/default.aspx Peace out. (Pls come it'll be lit.),
Hey! I was wondering if someone could help me out. My aunt is designing an app that allows for parents to track their kids spending and gives them points if they spend responsibly. She's looking for a name, any ideas?,
Hey guys, as a part of a core project, I'm currently writing a book that requires me to interview people and ask for their reflections on maturity and personal experience(s) of transitioning from childhood to adulthood. If you have a story to tell and would like to contribute to the book, please comment below or PM me. The entire thing won't take longer than an hour of your time and maybe a few follow-up questions. Rewards include a copy of the book and the chance to project your voice out there.  P.S The copy can be signed.  P.P.S Help a fellow human out here.,
Hey peeps, anyone been to Kuwait? Ideas for some fun(ish) stuff to do there?,
hey guys does anyone have a projector that i could borrow for the evening/ does the lib rent them out at this time? thx,
Hey. Anyone with ANY knowledge of the constitutional reforms in Bosnia? Or just general information about Bosnian Politics. I would like to chat for like 10 minutes please :),
Hey fam!  Thoughts and feels on the following Econ classes/professors,  Poverty: An Economic Analysis - Francois Bourguignon Behavioral Economics - Ernesto Reuben  Technology and Economic Development - Yaw Nyarko  Pls help. Can't wait to get rid of my last Econ elective,
Hey guys, has any of you watched the series "How to get Away with Murder" and is willing to answer a very brief question about the show for my class? If you are willing to do so please send me a direct message (won't take more than 5 minutes),
Hey everyone! So I need some help for a Project for my Core Class. I want to create a collection of memories, more specifically linked to mothers. I was wondering if anyone could share their favorite picture of themselves with their mother and maybe 2 or 3 sentences (feel free to write more if you feel there need/ there is a  story you want to tell) on why that specific picture is so special for you. You can pm me the picture and the sentences.  If you have it in physical form let me know and I can stop by, scan it and return it immediately! Please please please help me get a good grade on my final thank youuuuu,
Hey guys, I'm basically super undeclared major wise rn and was thinking of looking into SRPP next semester - is foundations of modern social thought a good intro to that major or does anyone recommend a different SRPP elective/class that would help me figure out if its something id like to pursue? Thaanks,
Hey friends!  Do any of you have a spare ten minutes on Sunday or Monday and would be willing/want to be in a video for the Health Promotion Office. You would just need to read out a sentence (that will be given to you) on camera. If you are interested, please comment with you net id below. The filming will be between 10am-12pm on Sunday and 12:00-2:30pm on Monday, but you can come whenever suits you within those times.  You'd be my hero <3,
Hey everyone, we are trying to have a cloth donation drive in collaboration with Operation Smile, so we would really appreciate if we can get around 10 storage boxes from you all for this purpose. If you still have some storage boxes lying around could you comment below and we can come and pick them up? Thank you! Also, if you are simply interested in helping out/volunteering, feel free to let me know as well!,
Hey!! Does anyone know where Professor Jill Magi's office is?,
Hey guys. Does anyone have a copy of the book "The God of Small Things" and is willing to give it to me? I am willing to pay for it! Thank you!!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know of a good location for a desert scene where I can bring a car to? (I can't bring one to the construction site behind campus) #intermediatefilmmaking,
Hey! Do you guys have any recommendations on the following colloquia/professors? I would highly appreciate it:         - CCOL-AD 23 The Commendments (Jim Savio)         - CCOL-AD 24 Life in the Universe (Joseph Gelfand)         - CCOL-AD 28 Global Governance (Michael Harsch) Thank you so much! :),
Hey guys! Out of the ones that did the passport/visa thing for jterm in NY, does anyone know how/where to get the passport back?  We need to get it from the empost, but anyone knows where is it located? Thank you!,
Hey! Does anyone recommend any good (interesting and easy) Structure Or Science cores (old core curriculum) for the Spring in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey how do I go about booking an in-person tutorial with a librarian at NYUAD? I tried the student portal form and was directed to librarians in Bobst library.,
Hey guys! Any one who is a math major here 😀Really need some help on the academic schedule [especially one study away and  math electives] and have some questions about capstone.🙈  Thx a lot,
Hey, does anyone have bread for this poor soul?,
hey - is there anyone coming to NY for jterm who would be willing to lug a package-sized thing from AD halfway across the world for a humble alum like myself?,
hey guys any outdoorsy spot with wifi, power outlet for charging and a good desk on campus for some chill work time.,
Hey guys, any input on Linear Algebra with  Olivier Pauluis vs Arman Mimar? (I learned that armans LA class wasnt that good but I couldnt find any info on Olivier.) Thank you!,
How does one go about getting reimbursed from Oman insurance? Thank you,
Hey guys! Does anyone have noodles?,
Hey guys! Do you know of any Emirati lifestyle bloggers/digital influencers? Please help <3,
Required: you to attend Defend the Nest tonight. The Falcons are back and ready to put on a show for y'all. Lucky Luke Tyburski will be droppin' dimes, Paulius will be cracking ribs, and Alex Baguette will be tossing the bread around. Miha will have you screaming 'YeeeHaww!' while Karolis is making the other team look careless. Titas's shooting will have Masdar wishing they even suit up, will Tomasz and crew's attire will have them wishing they had. Astronomers were claiming last night's moon was the largest in 15 years, but they obviously haven't seen Big Muna Nwadike. Good-Guy-Gregory-Goldemberg and Laurence of Saudi Arabia will be running the break, David Kim will be dabbing over defenders, Brian will be breaking ankles, and the fancy moves of Mr. Chang will be having everyone screaming "Damn Daniel". Of course during all of this Juju Quartz will be on the beat. Women play at 7:30, men at 9:00. Be there!,
Hey Guys, does anyone have rubbing alcohol?,
Panadol?,
Hey Guys! I am doing a project which requires actors and photographers! If you feel like you wanna contribute to a student project with your acting or with your photos, please leave a comment below with your NetID, state which part you are interested in and I send you the details! No previous experience required!,
what makes you feel better when you are feeling down?,
Hey guys, I would like to hear your thoughts on the following courses (professor? amount of work? easy grade?):  1. Data by Azza Abouzied  2. The Mind by Bas Rokers 3. Gender and Globalization by Rahma Abdulkadir 4. Money and the Good Life by Alide Cagidemetro 5. Fundamentals of Acting by Catherine Coray  6. Gender and Representation by Gayatri Gopinath,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow at around 7:50-8:00am and want to share a cab? (I know it's early but my appointment is at 8:15 am),
Does anyone have lemongrass ?,
Hi, does anyone have any medicine to fix a blocked/leaky nose? Cough syrup would be a bonus. Thank you :),[
Resolved]Anyone with a long black shirt/top/T-shirt they can lend for tonight? Preferably plain, but beggars can't be choosers. Please PM me, willing to give campus dirhams in return.  TIA! :),
Hey guys, does anyone have cup noodles?,
Anyone going to the US Embassy Monday morning wants to share a cab? My appointment is at 9 am.,
Hey guys, does anyone have transparant document sleeves? (U shaped file),
Hey guys! Does anyone have a Sterile Plain Gauze Swabs??,
Anyone who considers themselves a social media guru (worked on this for an internship, in a formal setting) and wouldn't mind giving me some tips? Please and thanks :),
Last minute help, pleasee! Any thoughts on DC courses - Financial Crisis and Politics of the Near and Middle East?,
Hey guys, I lost my adidas backpack... It's black with some orange highlights. If anyone could find it please let me know!,
Hey guys, I lost my ring. It's a silver ring with a green circular jade stone. If you find it please msg me! Thank you so much!,
Anyone who has taken notes at the Procrastination workshop willing to share them with me?,
Hey guys anyone have a salvar/lehenga and a kurta i can borrow for the following weekend??,
Are NYUAD students allowed to stay in Alumni Hall during study away in NY? /Are we allowed to stay in single rooms in a suite?  (The housing portal says we must be in shared rooms but I'm not sure if that includes shared suites of singles),
Looking for at least 20 girls and 15 guys to participate in the Mannequin Challenge!! Please leave a comment below if you're interested in participating AND if you're available this Saturday from 1pm - 2pm!,
Anybody have any experiences with losing an item in a cab? Like how long did it take for you to get it back or if you did end up getting it back? I left my iPhone in a cab around 3:30 AM and couldn't call the company until now and nobody turned it in. It was last tracked at 4:00 AM at St. Regis Hotel and it's just worrisome that the cab driver didn't turn it in :(,
Hey Guys!  I have dirhams need dollars in the range of 150 anyone willing to exchange?,
Anyone have contact lenses either -3.5 or -3.75 or even -3 that I could buy off you plz,
hey alumni,  I need your help! As a senior working on my capstone, I realize how much work you put in to get a great capstone out! I also realize that there's no place for NYUAD students to showcase these amazing capstones for the next set of NYUAD students to read and enjoy!  So, I've thought of coming up with an online collection for all the capstones. I need just 3 minutes of your time to upload the capstone, and I'll take care of everything else! We've already got a few people interested, so come join the bandwagon! I hope you can help me make this a reality! Here's the link for the submission. Will literally take 3 minutes or less: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1 Thank you so much!  Sincerely yours,  PWee TLDR; Take 3 minutes to upload your capstone here to get eternal fame: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1,
Hey ya'll, what's going on with Open Mic this semester?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a graphic designer on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey, i've been wondering, I know there's a gamer SIG but how do I reach them ? Also, Anyone here play EVE ? Interested in trying it out ? Hit me up!,
Hey Econ-finance majors, how important it is to take Foundation of Financial Markets before studying abroad in NY?,
Hey! Is anyone interested in taking an advanced-level French class in Abu Dhabi next semester?,
Hey Alumn, does anyone know how to access documentation of capstone presentations/exhibitions? I know they were taking photos and such but I don't know where to find them.  Thanks!,
Hey! Who was responsible for the A5A (girls' non vis) Breast Cancer poster? BECAUSE IT IS AWESOME and we'd like to show it off at the Breast Cancer High Tea!,
Hey. Does anyone know from where can i buy a machine/gun that produces smoke rings? Alternatively,
any other machine/tool that can make smoke rings and i can buy from somewhere in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys, If anyone wants to play futsal today , we have booked a court in the gym and planning to play from 5-7 pm! Everyone is welcome to join !,
Hey! We're going to Vienna, Austria this fall break. Any recommendations on what to do/eat/see? 💃🏻,
Anyone arriving to DXB Terminal 1 around 10pm on the 24th (Monday) and wants to share a cab to the campus? Need 2 more people.,
Hey! Is there anyone willing go in my place at a personal training appointment with one of the fitness trainers, today at 12:30 until 1pm? I can't go anymore and it is too late to cancel the appointment...,
hey guys im trying to validate courses on albert nd stuff and theres this one class that wont validate because it says theres a pre-req but the course description doesnt say that there is one ????????????????,
Hey guys, I'm looking for people who have applied or are planning to apply for test prep funding. Comment or message me if you don't mind answering a couple of questions. :),
Hey, does anybody know when we get our next stipend? Thank you.,
Hey does anyone know what the schedule is for commencement week? My parents want to book their flight but don't know when to arrive.  Any grads from last year have advice?,
Hi hi is there anyone who knows how to write music + sing who's willing to spend about a day over the weekend with me and help me write a song? Some form of eatable compensation is negotiable.,
Hey. Anyone have any kind of black cardboard/ transparent plastic sheets? Needed sometime today or tomorrow.,
Any common stereotypes about Mexico that you've heard of? (Regardless of whether they're positive, negative, true, or false). Thanks!,
hey, sorry to be a bother but has anyone seen a small brown paper bag with medicine in it? i really need it.  i've already called public safety, but i thought i'd give this a shot. sorry for the stupid request, thanks,
hey can someone please tell me where I can find the current GeoBlue insurance coverage brochure?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a someone on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? The job is mainly filming a video. Probably a promotional+description video. PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey! We are selling 2 tickets 300 dirhams each to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested. :),
RESOLVED: Hey guys!  This a sexy pic of a Moldovan sweet called "Placinta". Now that I got your attention, I would like to add to Toma's post :) We still need 3 more volunteers to participate in The Migrant and Refugee Crisis in Europe Panel Discussion!  Why should you participate?  - you get to escort and meet important people (22 EU Ambassadors :O) - you get free food!!! (Catering at the end ;) ) Comment under this post or message me if you are interested!,
Hey guys does anyone have crutches that I could borrow for a day or two? Would really appreciate it, thanks!,
Hey, A5A peeps, has anyone seen the iron from the laundry room? If you have it, please have the decency to return it (:,
Hey everyone :) does anyone know any cheap/free arabic courses online? Got mango and rosetta stone on the list so far... Thx,
Hey Guys  My j-term class for 2017 is Islamic Extremism in DC but I want any of the 3 classes in London, specifically Explorable Stories. Please, if you are willing to swap contact me!  Thanks!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know where is the closest western union to campus?,
RE: Courses in DC Recommended courses to take and/or stay away from in DC? Any tips would be great!,
Hey friends! Anyone have a spare nose ring or stud that they would be willing to sell me?,[
Edit: men only!!] Hey so random request but someone from Dubai Opera reached out to me about finding extras for a prestigious French ballet company's show in two weeks' time. The deal is that you have to be shirtless on stage for part of the production, be comfortable being shirtless, and not have tattoos. It's not paid but time commitment is minimal, transportation  and food are covered, and you'll get to party + network with a bunch of influential people in the dubai and european arts scenes. Comment below if interested (or PM if ur shy) and I'll get you more info!,
Hey guys, do you have a plastic or metal box that you no longer need? I need it today as a housing for a small circuit.  Alternatively, message me if you can know how to use the laser cutter in the IdeaLab/IM lab. Thanks a lot!,
Social Chameleons anyone?,
Your advice on the following writing courses and/or professors: * "Ghastly Beauty" by Jim Savio * "Records" by Bryan Waterman * "Street food" by Deepak Unnikrishnan  * "Writers on Writing" by Ken Nielsen  * "The Memoir" by Marion Wren Priority: 1. Light workload; 2. Interesting; 3. Others,
hey guys does anyone have a bit of white vinegar that i could use,
Anyone who did a Jterm in Europe (specifically Berlin, but anywhere else too) and went to Europe earlier than Jterm start?  Thank you!! ❤️❤️❤️ #NeedAVisa,
Does anyone have any idea where I could go if I want to donate clothes?,
Anyone knows where to purchase Go board game sets (like the one in the picture) in Abu Dhabi or the UAE? Or just general board game equipment stores that we should look into? Thanks!,
Headphones found in the women's only gym,
is there anyone who's travelled during their semester abroad but funded by NYUAD? for a conference or to represent the university somewhere?  could be for debate or MUN or science or literally anything that was approved by Global Ed, and a ticket was purchased for them departing from a city other than Abu Dhabi. please help!!,[
Resolved]So, a good friend of mine, Shivani Mishra has left her phone(Samsung J7) which has her ID card and room card attached on the back. The only places she could've possibly left it at are the Convenience Store and the 5:30 shuttle to the Corniche.  Pretty pleaseeee, let us know if you find it and/or have any ideas about how to go about finding it. We've spoken to Public Safety already, so that's that. Will pay back with food/coffee/grateful hugs/freshman love.  Thank you! ❤️,[
Resolved]Does anybody happen to have the adapter for this? It's urgent, please PM me or drop a message if you have an adapter.  Thanks!,
Can anyone give me a backpack for fall break? pls thank you,
Anyone have a bike or many bikes I could borrow for the afternoon? Alternatively, has Athletics ever let anyone rent out bikes without taking that bike safety course?,
FREE transportation to Saadiyat Public Beach at 3:25 PM TODAY from the Welcome Center. RA Nicole Nichifor and myself are organizing event for our residents, but we have some 15 free spots. :),
Hey guys,  It would be great if anyone can let me borrow an XL coat/jacket (Western size) for 5 days. Will wash and iron it afterwards. Bonus an hour of non-stop singing and treats from Georgia.,
Hey beautiful people. I find myself in need of a translation of an address into Mandarin in a proper form recognizable by Chinese Taxi drivers:  (I worry google Translate would mess it up) East China Normal University 3663 Zhongshan N Rd, Putuo, Shanghai, China, 200062 Thank you.,
Hey guys, how do I go about getting 2nd floor lounge temperature changed so that I don't freeze?,
A kind soul that would lend me a women's coat/jacket for fall break (appropriate for 10-15 C weather)? Size medium should be good, black preferable but beggars can't be choosers Will repay in WHATEVER YOU WANT ❤️ bls ok thanks xxx,
Hi guys, does anyone know how to send money from our citi bank credit card to another credit card? Thank you!!,(
Sold) Hey, anyone willing to buy rmb for aed? It's good for J-term in Shanghai (Exchange rate between uae and China is shocking.. always). Max amount 2800 rmb.,
Does anyone know if I can record music on campus? If yes, where and how?,
Hey guys! I'm selling a ticket to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested.,
NEEDED black suspenders please,
Q for peeps who will be arriving to NYUAD early next semester: RAs, MARHABA peeps, some of StuGov? I am thinking about pushing for RA's UAE visa being processed before/together with incoming freshman - thus get the passports back before Al-Hijra/ Islamic New Year (travel XD) and not dealing with it in the beginning of the semester. Between the 3 groups(RA, Marhaba,
StuGov) there is a ton of us and it seems even logistically easier for immigration office to finish us separately. Anybody has experience and knows who to contact? Opinion of the people it would influence - you want this? (or is this already happening and I missed it last year?),
Anyone have $130 USD I can exchange for either dirhams or Australian dollars? Also, anyone going to the US Embassy at 2 pm some point this week or the next?,
Has anyone ever lost financial aid from here? Is that a thing that can happen?,(
resolved)Is anyone interested in having a large flat TV screen next semester? I'll be happy to lend it for free, and just ask that you take care of it and find where to store it this summer!,
Helloooo Is there anyone who applied for Sharjah Art's Vantage Point and got their photograph/s accepted? I have a couple of questions! 😁💓,
hey guys, anyone else got an email saying you submitted the spring 2018/J-term housing application late but you're sure you didn't?,
Heads up, I was moving a few shipping boxes to my room in A6A and the guard made me open every single one of them to check for alcohol. New res life policy?,
Has anyone taken either of these two classes in NYC? Trying to pick between: Introduction to Global Education International Human Rights with Prof. Monaghan,
When do summer courses officially end for this year?,
Hi! Does anyone have an ADIB account? I need to make a bank deposit asap, and I will give you the money in cash on the spot. Thanks a lot!,
Anyone have medicine for mouth sores?? I'd be infinitely grateful!,
Does anyone know what size bed sheets the NYUAD dorm beds need?,
Anyone saw this kind of pencil case? Have very important stuff inside it.,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Research Methods in Psychology? Thanks!,
so my citi bank card is being declined but I should have a bunch of money on it, what do i doooo :(,
FOMST with Peter Stamatov, Angela E Anderson, or Eric Hamilton?,
If parents divorced, are we required to fill out noncustodial profile?,
Spare and new NYUID lanyard?,
Any girls who live in A6C up at this time who can help me sign in a guest?,
Anyone with any extra plastic mesh sleeves for bottles?,
Anybody got instant noodles that they can give me now,
Anyone have a new macbook charger in C2 I could borrow for an hour?,
Anyone who has stayed in Dubai for summer internship-- tips on where to find housing?,
Anyone seen a room key for a5a 608-D?? Pls help my dumbass dropped it somewhere and I can't b bothered bc the semester is almost over,(
Resolved) Anyone else experiencing problems with the CSS Profile Fee Waiver Code that was provided to us? It keeps saying the code is invalid for the selected program (New York University) zz,
PSA if you're in a public space and you speak obnoxiously loud it is obvious when you want other people to overhear your conversation and think you are edgy or interesting. Also "OMG I bet you think we are so weird" is not a conversation I want to engage in.  Talk at a normal level.  No one wants to hear about Fatima #3's cousin's sister's uncle's wife.,
Anybody else having issues with NYU Classes?,
US embassy on May 7 at 9:30am?,[
Urgent] does anyone know the initial code of our storage units?,
Does someone have vanilla extract and baking soda? Pleaaaaseee,
Anyone applied for F1 visa in a third country that is not your home country or the UAE?,
Is anybody in need of / willing to attend a CDC internship session if one were to be held this week before the internship secondary funding deadline on May 3? (These sessions are mandatory for all and to be considered for internship funding),[
URGENT] Does anyone have a melodica i can borrow for a few hours?,
Anyone going to the US embassy/general area tomorrow at around 8:30 am??,
Pigeon inside my room what to do pls,
Is anyone else having trouble logging into newclasses?,
LaTex people: Is there any way to convert a PDF back to a tex file?,
For those that received funding for the summer: The internship funds will be reflected in your bank account by the end of today. Real AD and Research funding will be reflected in your bank account on Sunday.,
Is NYU Classes down?,
How do I select the College/Program in the CSS application. I can't seem to find the code that applies for us anywhere in my emails. Anyone know what it is?,
programme head of political science?,
A spare copy of Middlesex - Jeffrey Eugenides someone can give away, or a pdf file?,(
RESOLVED) Has anyone seen these Headphones around A6? 😭 please help. I need them to survive finals,
Has anyone seen my id pls,
Anyone from NYUSH or who has studied there who I could talk to?,(
Urgent) Does anyone have a recording device I could borrow for tomorrow? Thank you!,
Whereabouts of Anita Shishani?,
Who do I contact if I have questions regarding insurance and visa?,
Any stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dyingAny stata pros willing to help a sister out? Pls I’m dying,(
resolved) hey guys, is there anyone who interned at hedayah that i can talk to?,
Researchers/professors who have done research on the relationships and/or power dynamics between emiratis and expats.Research on demographics,
urban development  and cultural appropriation of spaces in the UAE is also helpful!,
Does anyone have a mountain bike to borrow today? Asking for an amigo.,
US Embassy on Thursday morning???,
Anyone heading to the Yas area 2:30ish?,
hiiii! is there anyone who’s double majoring in psychology and srpp?,
Does anyone know who I can contact in the CDC for a *sort of* no objection letter?  It's not for the UAE Labor Ministry, and I need it in a v particular format (and it's a part of the internship pre-application) so the opportunities survey isn't useful :((,
Hi, I lost my earphones (similar to the one in the image). Has anyone seen them around? Thank you in advance,
Sunglasses found in the nomad pad in the arts center,
Anyone willing to take WO fitness level 2 at 7 am on Mondays and Wednesday next semester? (You dont necessarily need to take the level 1 class to join) Edit: writing this on behalf of a friend.. not staying here next semester lol peace out,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday, May 8th at 7:15 am and wants to share a cab.,
Comment with your Net ID if you are a Sophomore who is looking to do a finance internship in New York for your Junior Summer. The application process for most of the big banks is already underway, so I’m keen to write up some tips for those interested.,
where can we find the final exam schedule?,
Who should I contact if my locker code is not working? Also, how much is the fine to replace the code?,
Has anyone ever tried to 'manage their booking' on the Etihad website? I can check my itinerary alright, but when I try to access the option of modifying my booking (ie changing dates), it gives me this page. Does Nirvana block this option for us on Etihad? :(,
Does anyone have an American Express card? I have a favour and will pay,
Ya helweeen, anyone has a mop in A6B?❤️,
Who do i contact if there is an issue with my dining dirhams balance?,
Music Tech Fundamentals, prof's email please?,
Song recommendations for a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life?,
Who’s in charge for airport-campus buses? Alternatively, will there be any buses from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses?,
Has anyone interned with Knight Frank in Dubai?,
Econ Seniors: How is Pablo Hernandez-Lagos as a capstone advisor? His field of study is related to what I want to do, however if he's not a good advisor I'd rather go for someone else.,
What is the best way to get from Abu Dhabi Airport to Dubai, excluding the taxi option?,
Someone that has a non-custodial parent and filled out the CSS non-custodial parent profile? I'm confused and frustrated, please help!,
has anybody been able to fill out the non custodial css profile? It asks me to send them my non custodial parent's email address so they can send them the application but he hasn't received any emails,
Hey everyone (especially seniors), what are the reasons for which Global Ed will let you change your flight tickets? Is there a page or something that delineates it?,
US Embassy on 7th May? (My appointment is at 8:45),
Anyone who's in A5 and is good with STATA ?,
Anyone who can help integrate our python chatbot/app to our website?,
Anyone going to the US embassy on this Thursday at 7:45 am?,
Does anybody have elastic wrap or a wrist support that I might be able to have/borrow for a while? Nothing that immobilizes the wrist completely.,
Hi! Anyone going to the U.S. Embassy for visa appointment on Tuesday May 1 early morning (7:30 AM)? Thanks!,[
Resolved] anyone who has previously done statistics and is willing to share their written report? we want to check the format of it! Thank youuu,
Does anyone have a commencement ticket for me, please?,
Gardens Speak ticket 9:30 tonight available! Message me and I will forward it to you,
Anyone going to the US embassy Tuesday morning? Around 7:15 am,
Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?Is anyone going to Dubai (ideally DXB) on May 7th, and would want to split a cab?,
Posting this on here bc apparently this sent to people who are not even my friends: if you got a weird link from me DO NOT click on it. How I got hacked is beyond me though, since i  didnt even use fb in ages ;-;,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow morning? Around 8:30,
anyone going to the US embassy/the area on Wednesday ~745am?,
What's the last day for Spring 2018 housing?,
Anyone seen a Black rectangular cas that has a small flap with Ikea written on it; contains my glasses :'( pls,
Has anyone seen a pink-ish cardigan from American Eagle around library/dining hall area? 😭,(
urgent) where is the best place to print photos for personal purposes? alternatively, is there any way to get the same effect with the ricoh printers around campus?,[
Urgent] Any female violinists willing to play for a wedding on Friday evening?,<
RESOLVED> Anybody have a copy of Deepak's Temporary People that I could borrow for a week?,[
Resolved] Any French speakers willing to help me translate something for a class? It won’t take more than 10 minutes. Thank you! Will repay in chocolates,
A6B people: pick up your clothes in the laundry room! Wet clothes are rotting in the baskets and it smells reeaally bad :(,
Any film major or good video creator wants to pioneer making a video to remember the actions of a hero of Student life? All assets are already available.,
For the CSS/Financial Aid, "Country where the student lives" should be the UAE or my home country? What about permanent address?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have a copy of Introduction to Quantum Mechanics by A.C. Phillips that they would be willing to lend me for the next 2 weeks? Please? Help a girl understand whether the cat is dead, alive, or if Schrödinger was just making fun of everything! Also I want to pass FoS. Will repay with top notch puns and baked goods.,
A phone I can make intl calls with? please help me get my CSS account info back before the deadlineeee 😭😭😭,
Found this usb drive in 436, it’s with library front desk now,
Does anyone have an old mac charger they can lend for a few days or are selling? OR electric tape?,
Is there any way to borrow a laptop for an extended period? Like, til the end of the semester?  My laptop is about to die. :'(,
People who opened ADCB account last week: did you receive a text message from them? What do we do after the text?,
extra gardens speak ticket?,[
resolved] Does anybody have the iPhone sim opening pointy thingy ? (Pref in A2) Thanks !,
Anyone with a spare copy of George Orwell's A Collection of Essays and/or Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer they don't mind giving away? Asking for a friend  [Taken] Also, I have a bottle of conditioner which was barely used and around 150g of Twinings loose green tea up for grabs,
Does Al Liwan still have these (or similar) as placemats? Can someone take one and scan one/take a photo of one for me? I will appreciate u/pay u,
Hi, anyone want karak?,
Andrei Stoica Osama Mahmood Ali Nosherwan Hamed or any math major who is very familiar with k moments of the Gaussian Distribution, plzz I need your help!,
last post about Gardens Speak, sorry. If anyone has an extra ticket, please let me know.,
The contact number for room cleaning services?,
Hi Everyone! Today will be the last practice for this semester. and your last chance to try your hand at archery so head down to the outdoor basketball court at 5pm today if interested,
Guys can you tell me the different times Gardens Speak is happening today please?,
Can you please comment below if you're going to the URC Finals on April 30th at Abu Dhabi University? I'm thinking of getting the school to arrange a shuttle to take us there.,
hi oreos for a friend,
Hi sorry me again: anyone currently in the arts center that can do me a quick favor please please? 🙏🏼,
Will anyone be in Seville over the summer?,
Does anyone know professors who’re working/researching on Women Studies/Empowerment/Education... basically anything related to women?,
Prof. Bush is selling 2 tickets for dxbeats at Dubai Opera tonight - 200 aed instead of 275. Line-up: Yasmin Hamdan, Sharmoofers, The Wanton Bishops (and more I think)!,
People in floor 6 A5b. Please stop playing guitar/music. Trying to sleep here.,
What's the cheapest way of getting from Dubai airport to Abu Dhabi (tentative cost plsss) x,
Does anyone have ice cream they would like to donate to my friend who is having an extreme ice cream cravings? Thank you.,[
NVM lol] American students: How do i know if i need to submit the FAFSA with the CSS profile? An old post said not unless ur getting aid from FAFSA but how do I know where my aid is coming from?,
Lemons (1-2)? Asking for a sick friend,[
Urgent] anyone with an extra ticket for Gardens speak in English anytime tomorrow?,
Has anyone seen an Acer charger like this lying around somewhere? Alternatively, can I borrow someone's charger please. Thanks a ton.,
Anyone in the IM lab now?,
Anyone wants 100 USD in exchange for AED?,
Anyone with experience cashing a check from a US bank here in AD? What is the process like? Thank you :),
has anyone got an extra gardens speak ticket?,
Anybody did MVC with Paparella and has pretty notes that I could borrow for a few days?,[
Urgent] Anyone willing to give away their Gardens Speak ticket for the 8:30 or 9:30 show today?,
Does anyone know when should we expect to receive our pay for March if you have an assistantship on campus?,
What's the exact type of card that we get from ADCB? I'm particularly interested in international transaction fees.,
Folks taking Comparative Legal Systems in the Fall?,
Any jewellery shops in AD with good prices?,
does anyone have a betta fish and want some food for it,
Anyone has panadol cold and flu?,
Does anyone have whole black pepper that I can borrow? :) preferably A5? thank you so much in advance!,(
Resolved) Any french speakers in the library right now who could help me read a website?,
Hello :) I need help of 15 emirati students to try sample of three different face masks from Korea (for free!) My friend is developing high quality face masks and wants review of locals here - pm me if you could try them and share us some opinion (i assure they are pretty good),
Does anyone have/know someone on campus who has a Twillio account?,
Anyone that I could talk to regarding the IRB? Thankss!,[
URGENT] For the parents income and benefits details section, there's a part where they ask for : "Money given to the student's parents or paid on their behalf". Do I include the scholarship  NYUAD has given me in that section or no?,
Does anyone in A2 have a drying rack I could borrow for today?,
When/where is the Hackathon taking place?,
Non-US citizens: Will NYU ask us to submit supporting documents to the values we input on our CSS profile?,(
URGENT) Hi all! I need someone today from 4pm to 8pm to help me in being on one of the cameras for shooting my movie on campus.,
Looking for recommendations~~ Best islands in South East Asia in your opinion? Or any islands in South East Asia that is amazing for family travel?  great food, great beaches and beautiful accommodations with good prices?... Any recommendations super appreciated! thanks! See More,
There is chocolate cake available at the Baraha, please feel free to take a slice. The cake is from Shakespeare Cafe.,
Is it possible to request the ADNH/D2 to start serving smaller sized pizzas (perhaps 7 inches instead of the regular 12 inches). It might help with the food waste, I believe.,
Thoughts about "Probability & Statistics" with Federico Camia? Thanks.,
Is there anyone giving away Campbell biology book? I would love to have a copy. Thanks!,
Does anyone know where Neel Vohra is?,
Don’t know if this is the right forum. Don’t know where else to post.  I’ll be in London tomorrow with some time to kill. hmu if you’re in the city and want to chill. Could do with some NYUad love. PM me :),[
RESOLVED] People who had to receive a new CitiBank card while in Europe (Paris) - how long did it take for it to arrive and did you have to pay anything?,
Will there be buses running from Abu Dhabi airport to campus for summer courses? If yes, what dates?,
When does Studio XY close?,
If anyone is at WTC rn and needs an extra avengers ticket, text me 0503382905,[
Both gone] Giving away 1 last-minute Avengers ticket and 1 English Gardens Speak ticket for tomorrow 11AM. Listen to stories that must be heard.,
Is there anyone I could borrow cuff links from until Monday?,
Spare Avengers ticket for tonight?,
Anyone with an extra ticket for Avengers tonight?,
Does anyone have a large world map that I could borrow for a day?,
Looking for Android/Web front end developers who would like the fame and glory of winning Hackathon. COME JOIN US THIS WEEKEND AND WORK WITH MENTORS FROM KICK ASS COMPANIES LIKE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK,
People taking Quantum Mechanics! Do you mind switching the time to Mon/Wed 11:50-1:05?,
extra avenger ticket?,
Anyone who has front-end skills who would like to join our team in the hackathon?,
Hey everybody, it's your least favorite study away:  I left my clubmasters in A6 room 001 yesterday.  I feel half-human without her.  I've tried lost and found and nobody has turned these in.  So if somebody finds them, could you please turn them in? Help reunite a man with his love, pls and thank you <3,
I am looking for a burgee (small flag) of NYUAD. We got something like this I think with acceptance letter 3 years ago, but I am looking for one more - does anyone know where I can buy/get one?,
Greetings everyone! Witness the greatest rivalry on campus, seniors vs underclassmen. Will the seniors graduate with glory, or is it the underclassmen that'll be left with a tale for their children? Come, find out who gains victory in the last cricket match of the year. Saturday, 28th April at 1 pm Performance Gymnasium... P.S. your appetite will be taken care of with boti street, pizza hut and krispy kreme See More,
Anybody with experience of getting proof of address for living on campus at NYUAD?,
Anyone got tickets for avengers they are not using ?,
gone!!  Anyone want 2 tickets to the 4pm (English) show of Gardens Speak today?,
Are there specific computers on campus that have photoshop installed or do all of them have it?,
Feminist books/ essays recommendations pls?,
Anyone with 2 spare tickets to Avengers tonight?,
Extra ticket to avengers? Asking for a friend.,
Vitamin/immunity tablets that dissolve in water, please?,[
RESOLVED]Hey guys! Is there anyone in Washington or NYC now who will be in Abu Dhabi for the Summer and could help me carry a box of clothes to AD? I'm trying to order something from an online store but they will only ship to the US. The total weight of the package would be around 1.5kg and I'm happy to pay for the inconvenience. Thanks!,
Does anybody have 2 tickets for Avengers they could give away pretty please?,[
sold out] Anyone who wants the ticket for today’s boat party? I have two tickets and would like to sell them. :),
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport late evening this Friday 26 April ?,
Regarding UAE visa: If your visa expired, so you're given a new entry permit, and you are coming to Dubai for a summer internship, does the school ask you to book your tickets to Abu Dhabi instead?  In the e-mails we get from Global Ed regarding traveling, the Office asks students who book their own tickets to book them to Abu Dhabi, not Dubai.  Has anyone been in a situation like this that I can talk to?,
Hi, bonitos. Does anybody have an Ice pack?,
Interested in research on education? 📚So were these seniors. 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓Come join ElevatED this Sunday, 29th @6PM in E-231 to hear about their capstones! Sushi and brownies will be served.,
Does anybody have a spare ticket for tomorrow’s Avengers?,
If I have a UK student visit visa (the kind they give you for J-term) that is multiple entry and still valid, can I enter the country without the letter from the school stating what I'll be doing there?,
Hi, does anyone know how to get an official bank statement for our Citibank cards?,
CSS Profile: What are we supposed to fill in regarding this question - "Will the student receive tuition benefits during any year of attendance?" there is another question for scholarships, so I am a bit confused,
Need a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rentNeed a chil berson with valid license or chill/no chill person with car willing  to rent,
Physical location of undergraduate research funding office?,
has anyone seen a pair of black wayfarer ray ban sunglasses around?,[
RESOLVED --> C2 front desk ] I forgot it was Thursday and left all my stuff in the library lol what do they usually do with our stuff?,
What is the overnight guest policy for after May 20?,
Any recommendations for good places to stay in Paris just for a week?,
How do I update my time preferences to Asia/Dubai (GMT +04:00) ...don't seem to see the option. :( Thank you!,
Whoever left an empty gift box on my car is like super mean, not just because ur littering but because u made me thiNK THAT IM LOVED and that maybe someone got me a lil something whICH COULDVE BEEN CUTe but like no;. 0/10 prank :(,
Help! Does Global Ed keep copies of our previous I-20 forms? Thank you!,
How long does IRB approval take? Thank You ❤,
asking for a male friend - a nice and reasonably priced place to get a haircut in RAK?,
People working for Admissions Office - does anyone know who is the head of recruiting for the position of admissions ambassador? Shukran in advance : ),
Does anyone have a usb-c charger/cord I could borrow for the weekend? Ill be off campus so I cant use the one from the library.,
Anybody has some salt? Need some ASAP 🙏🏽,
Does anyone have a couple of cups of planting soil I could have?,
Anybody who couldn’t get into intro to accounting want to petition for another session to be opened Fall 1? 😀,
Any possibility of finding a 2 credit math class from the math major, not the engineering ones? I need one for my major requirements.,
Hii if you think you dropped some money in the A5C laundry room earlier today, pm me the correct amount and I'll return it,
Cupcake/muffin liners anyone?,
Which restaurants do you guys usually order from for a weeknight dinner delivery to campus? Any recs? (other than KFC) :),
Hi friends! I'm looking for scholars/researchers/experts who study reward-based/incentive systems for teenagers in sports/recreational activities. Does anyone have any pointers of where to start looking? A couple of names would be hugely helpful.,[
Solved] Anyone currently in the library can do me a small favor? PM me.,
Does anyone know the title of the series of photos that are in the very last room in Louvre? They depict the guy whose face gradually gets covered with the hieroglyphs.,
Anyone has a winter jacket I can borrow? (<15 C degree kind of weather).,
Urgent - does anyone know how to fill the non-custodial profile on the new CSS Profile? help bls,
a medium sized cooking pot I could borrow for tonight?,
Want to see what a typical NYUAD essay looks like? Help me build an AI to write one!!  My final project for the Art Intel class is teaching an AI to write in the style of NYUAD students, but I need some data to finish (I won't sell it and get a fascist government elected in the most powerful country with the data, I promise). All I need is your most BS essays so that the AI learns to write in that style. You can submit here literally anything with or without your name. https:...//goo.gl/forms/6SSP8aBVmQTLLJV23 Please help me with this experiment! I hope to make funny sentences like DeepDrump below, and submit it to the Gazelle. Thanks a bunch! https://twitter.com/deepdrumpf See More,
Trying to purchase a ticket for 600 AED but my card's being weird. Is there anybody who can help me pay using their card and I'll give you cash on the spot?,
Hi, probably not the most appropriate forum but I thought some might benefit from this:  If anyone is looking for summer housing in NY, a friend of mine is subletting her room in Brooklyn nearby Prospect Park (wow, what a wonderful location!) from June-Sept.  Pm if interested.,
Has anyone been paid for March student assistantship?,[
RESOLVED]Does someone know where Vic Lindsay's Office is?,
Gauging interest for an Ultimate Frisbee SIG. May possibly invite a coach to come in and teach competitive ultimate frisbee play. Any skill level is welcome! Comment below your netID if you are interested! Comment with your skill level if you are very very very interested!,
Attitude is wrapping up this season of dance classes on May 4th, with the Spring Recital: Regenesis ✨  This semester we will perform 2 shows, one starting at 7 pm and the second one at 9 pm, in the Black Box of the Arts Center.  Tickets are limited so book yours now!,
Does anyone have a jewelry holder that I could borrow for tomorrow's flea market? :) Thank you!,
Update: I need one again please help 😢  Anyone got a flower vase I can borrow for a couple of days? Will return before the weekend,
Hello! We need photographers for Latino Night happening TONIGHT from 6-9ish pm. please comment if you can help out! We'd be so grateful.,
anyone else having problems with nyu email? im not getting emails i should be getting,
Anyone has action figures or dolls I can borrow for a stopmotion short project?,
When is the study away form live?,
One ticket for commencement? Thank you! <3,
Can anyone recommend the cheapest way to crash in London for a month for 2 people?,
If I ask Student Life to provide a shuttle to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair, would you sign up?,
Does someone have a mosquito racquet or some good ol' Raid I could please borrow? Help me take back my territory.,
Required: people whose mother tongue is French! Participate in this study and earn some money 😊 send an e-mail if you’re interested,
Seniors on Guest Travel Assistance: did the school send your visa to any of your parents yet?,
Anyone could tell me who the head of economics department is? 😅,
can anyone lend me/is there anywhere I can find black spray paint on campus?,
Any Omani's on campus? Or people who lived in Oman? Would like to ask a question or two about the music scene in Oman 🇴🇲,
Anyone who have taken Music Technology Fundamentals and have spare time to talk,
Any people waitlisted for Intro to Accounting? Looking to email for a new section to be opened, please comment Net ID’s,
Can I get things laminated at the library?,
Besides the CSS do we have to send any other documents by email?,
Also somebody left their room card at the CDC. Come pick if up at reception desk.,
This calculator was lying outside the library (on the round tables in front of red sofas). It's with public safety - ground floor of campus center,
Anyone in A6B have paracetamol?,
People taking Intro to Game Theory next semester, would you be interested in changing the class to 10:15am or 11:50am?,
Anyone have any CRC or equivalent products?,
For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?For FYD facilitators for Marhaba this year, when do we arrive on campus from summer break?,
On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens)On the CSS profile, what do we put as our visa type ? ( For non American citizens),
best online free plagiarism checker?,
are your chances of getting summer housing significantly lower if you applied after Feb 28👀👀 ((asking for a friend obv)),
Anyone enrolled in MENASA section 001 for the fall 2018 and want to switch to section 002?,[
Etihad Flight Pricing] Hi, does anyone know anything about (etihad specifically?) flight pricing? Flights from tomorrow to two weeks out are 66% the price of flights outside that time window. When an Etihad flight is less than two weeks away, do they drop the price? Or is this maybe just reflecting general travel trends (ie lots of students flying home to the Middle East after May 10)? I'm trying to buy a flight on or around May 20, and trying to decide whether to buy now or wait.,
How is Kevin Coffey in terms of participation grading? I'm in a class with him this semester and fearing for my final grade.,
anyone good at data analysis and free tmrw? between 4ish and 5ish tia!,
Hi people! Someone forgot their headphones in the Ahlan Ramadan event in the Arts Center. We placed it on the table @ baraha,
Hey everyone! Is there someone who has the syllabus to the U.S.A & UAE comparative legal systems class (Doesn't matter if it is an older version)?,
I refuse to believe that someone stole the mouse from the computer in A6C. If you took it as a prank please return it ASAP and do not inconvenience others. Public safety will be asked to check the cameras.,
Is there any senior guy living in A5B who can check in a guest around May 13th?,
Anyone who rented a long-term apartment (over 6 months) in AD?,
Has anyone applied for a US visa (preferably F1) in London? How long did the process take? TIA.,
Can someone who is currently taking FOS 5 and 6 send me the syllabus?,
Courses/Study Aways besides the 12 general paths? Like the Cuba Film Study away? Anything and everything you think might be interesting in this direction please! :),
Does anyone have a can of condensed milk they are willing to part with?,
Hey, guys! I need the help of someone, who can operate a ZOOM recorder and who is willing to help me on a shoot tomorrow on campus from 4 to about 6.30. Pm me if you can lend a hand. Thanks!,
Luggage scale anyone, please?,
Yas Waterworld ticket prices and do they offer student discounts?,
Location of the office in charge of commencement stuff?,
For a personal art project (directed at anyone who identifies as Asian in some way or another): What is your favourite memory of your parents showing love to you? Especially if it is different from parental love in European/ American culture (hugs, verbal confirmation etc),
Anyone else having wifi issues these past two days?,
Who's taking shaami in the fall? Could you comment your netIDs?,
Underclassmen econ majors who are interested in education?,
Does anyone have a skirt that looks like this in colors black/red that I could borrow tomorrow? Thank youuuu,
Recommendations for massage places in this city?   What's a good price for a 1-2 hour long massage? Anyone done it at Studio XY (which charges 275 dirhams)?,
Do we still have access to NYU Classes after graduation?,
anyone have any experience with petitioning for a different site for study away that doesn’t mind helping out a confused freshman?,
On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?On our CSS profile form, what does ‘ Child Support Received’ mean ?,[
resolved] Does anyone have some honey they want to get rid of?,
Is anyone thinking of doing something cute for Vic?,
MY EMIRATE FRIENDS PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS OPPORTUNITY!,
Was it just me or did anyone else receive an email saying that their summer housing has been cancelled? I remember filling the application, but ResEd never followed up with me :/,
NBAD or ADCB?,
Question for students who make art (photography, paintings only) : what's the average number of artwork you produce per month?,
Farhana Goha’s office location?,
Anyone with the experience of using baggage storage at AUH?,
Print on-the-go anywhere and anytime from your mobile device. Click here to begin: https://goo.gl/forms/485OxQ6bHx4E5Vc72,
Anyone who switched to CS in their sophomore year I can talk to? Preferably with little to no previous experience in CS.,
On Albert, I chose a recitation time out of two options, but I want to switch to the other option. Albert doesnt let me drop the recitation, what can I do?,
Anyone missing these notes? Not sure how this got to me,
are we getting another stipend before summer?,
random question but is our official name "New York University Abu Dhabi" or "New York University in Abu Dhabi" because i keep seeing both,
Hi hi, are there any native French speakers here who can help me proofread about 5-6 pages before this Sunday? Much thanks. :),
Where do I find the proof of enrollment letter on the new Albert?,
Does anyone (preferably in A2) have an ice pack I can borrow for tonight? Appreciate it.,
Anyone has a house party lights I can borrow for a film project? Need the lights from 10 - 1pm on Thursday. Your name will be included in the end credits :),
Muhammad Rafay Ashfaq‘s phone number? We need him in a meeting.,
Is it true that if you are doing a math minor and you placed into MVC, you would have to replace the Calculus requirement with another math class instead of only having to take 3 classes?,
hoomans,  SJP will be hosting an event from 7.30 to 9 tonight and is in the urgent need of a photographer to document the event.  if you are willing to help, please reach out to us!... you will be rewarded with loads of love and maneesh :) See More,
Looking for professors/researchers who are knowledgeable about hyperspectral imaging, satellites, and/or sensors used in oceanography. I've already talked to Phillip Panicker, Ian Dobbs-Dixon, and John Burt. Anyone else to reach out to would be much appreciated :),[
RESOLVED] Anyone with one night's worth of contact solution?,
People who have had their high school diplomas accredited while not at home: is it possible to have it approved by the UAE embassy in your country through power of attorney, and if so, does the attorney have to be from your country or from the UAE? Alternatively, were you able to just get it approved by the embassy of your country in the UAE?,
alumni: has anyone here been asked for an accredited university diploma for anything other than a job in the UAE/grad school in Europe?,
is anybody going to spinneys tomorrow? i just want a tiny favor :(,
is it true that our capstones are submitted to turnitin???? asking for a friend,
Hello!! Alum in need of some help understanding lyrics to a song performed by Umm Kulthumm about the Aswan Dam: حقق المعجزات عزم جمــــــال فاحمدوا الله ان حباكم جمـــــالا هو والنيل واهبا السد هــــــــذا سالا تبرا وذلك فاض نضــــالا... حين ألوى بعهده مقرض المال وحاد الصديـق عنـا ومــــالا واستدار التاريخ ينظـــر هــل يستسلم الليث أم يصول وصالا I would be super grateful if someone could tell me the general gist of these lines/correct my own understanding of them!! See MoreSee Translation,
Anyone seen a notebook with a drawing of a girl holding a lantern on the cover? Its missing and has all my class notes!,
Link for the dope underclassmen #interclassico video? I've heard it's lit af,
Has anyone managed to Pass/Fail a class after the deadline while in NY?,
does anybody have a bike that i can borrow for like 30 minutes <3,
Somebody left those on the couch in the CDC.,
Can I change the point of exit for my flight if I'm coming to Abu Dhabi from elsewhere after summer break?,
Anybody have a large transparent bowl that I can borrow for tomorrow night? Preferably Plastic :),
My Mac is going nuts (touch bar with volume and brightness options has disappeared, it restarts at random times and reports "Your Mac has restarted because of a problem"). Has anyone encountered such an issue before or does anyone know how to fix it?,
Any professors specialising in cybersecurity/ tech in China?,
Can women get haircuts at the men's studio y salon? Given that I'm getting a fairly gender neutral style it would be nice to save that 130aed...,
are there still shuttles to the Louvre?,
Anyone taking FOS 1 and 2 next semester? I have questions,[
Resolved] Can people leave their guitars anywhere on campus over summer? Alternatively any kind Emirati who would like to adopt a fender for 3 months?,
if i request an overload for a class, get it, then switch to another one, do i have to fill the form again?,
Hi, I can't seem to find my sunglasses, blue Ray Bans with alcantara covering, anywhere. Please let me know if you've seen them around. (Can bring you a sweet of choice from NY),
Has anyone recently (last two weeks) applied for an Omani visa and is familiar with details regarding the E-visa? Keen to find out if the student visa presents any problems. Any help is appreciated!,
Ibuprofen please? Preferably in A2.,
Anyone going to Dubai/DXB tomorrow afternoon around 5pm?,(
RESOLVED) Need $800, anyone wants to exchange for AEDs?,
Has anybody taken Economic History of the Middle East (Bob Allen) in previous semesters?,
Pm if interested in being the photographer for a student organized event - tonight 7:30-9:00PM,
Anyone going towards Musaffah / Zayed Sports City area around 8 tomorrow morning??,
Anyone know who's in charge of Advancement Opportunities applications? Thanks!,
URGENT - does anyone have green yarn I can borrow? (for capstone),
Are there gonna be shuttles to the Abu Dhabi Book Fair? It's only fair...,
Where do we find the Non-Custodial Profile? Or does our n-c parent get it via email once we submit the CSS profile?,
Anyone who's going to NYU Grad starting Fall 2018? PM me pls,
I need $50, does anyone want to exchange for dirhams? 😊,
Thoughts on Multi Ethnic Democracy and the professor? Gimme deets on the workload, grading and everything in general,
Share cab to Abu Dhabi airport tomorrow at around 11 am?,
SECOND LANGUAGE CURRENT OR EX-LEARNERS: (or if you're on your 8th one) I have exactly 5.1 questions for you! Tessa Thornton and I will love you forever if you can fill this survey out. Plsplspls help (refer to link below) https://nyu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0oBzGiw9HV4L5vD,
sweater in E047,
did anyone have experience fixing a water damaged macbook here in AD? asking for a friend,
Anyone who experienced Ramadan on campus and interested in being featured in a video for the Dean’s office?,
I was lucky enough to get a few extra things with my laundry last night from A6B laundry room. Think it's because someone had put our clothes on top of each other on the bench when they took our things out of a machine, and I guess I was too bad at separating them! Sorry for that! But send me a message if you're missing these.,
is there anyone who has studied away in Madrid or is planning to study away in Madrid, that I could have a talk with?,
anyone ever asked for a letter of rec from prof shamoon zamir? does he write it, or have you write it yourself and send it back to him?  i'm an infant and trying to avoid the turmoil of coming up with positive things to say about myself  :(,
Anyone around the library with a Mac charger?,[
Resolved] Exchanging up to USD 200 for AED. Save me a trip to the mall, please!,
Long shot but are there any kathak dancers on campus this semester?,
Hey!! Is there anyone who took a leave of absence (esp in the middle of a semester) and can answer a couple of questions?? Thanks in advance!!,
Is anyone looking for this? Its's been in a classroom for a few weeks.,
Anybody who has had a guest stay over at Palladium for over 6 days?,
Is the Second Chance Store happening this semester?,
Anyone who was accepted to Yale-NUS and ended up going to NYUAD? PM me.,
Galito's in the baraha!!,
People who applied for an earlier graduation certification for work visa purpose that can share some insights about the process?,
Is there anywhere I can find a protractor on campus?,(
URGENT) does anyone have the book "Shirbrig and the Project of a United Nations Army" by Joachim Koops and Christof Tatschl?,
Something for fever? Ibuprofen?,
Summer Housing: has anyone gotten a confirmation from Res Ed about rooms for the summer (esp. PTPP seniors) or knows when they will be sending them out??,
Ernesto Reuben's office hours? Also, is he teaching any classes this semester?,
There's a series of videos titled "Shit Freshmen/Sophomores/Juniors say" that were posted to NYUAD Student Life back in the day (~2013/14) None of the alumni can access them, but if anyone could download them and send me a copy I would be eternally grateful.,
Any recommendations for portfolio website builders? to be used in long term, and free if possible.. thanks!,
Urgent: does anyone have a TI-nspire cx cas that I can borrow for tomorrow ? Specifically that model please please please!,
Anyone on campus from/has lived in:  Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Dijbouti, Kuwait, Mauritania, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Tunisia, Yemen, Oman, Iraq?  Please pm me,
Anyone knows where I can get an NYUAD back drop for the capstone film screenings that are happening from the 22nd till the 27th at 8Pm and 28th at 4pm?  I will need to keep the backdrop throughout these days so we can take fire pictures of guests and filmmakers. Please let me know.❤️❤️❤️,
Go Green! and run today with On Your Feet at 6:00 pm Welcome Center. Also, fitness center treadmills will be off, so go out and enjoy the weather! #muchgreen #wow #sofast,
Does anyone know if the insurance we have has a limit on how much we can spend? Or does it cover everything regardless of the amount?,
Best ophthalmologists in AD, covered by insurance?,
Wax paper please?,
In need of as many thermo cans/flasks as possible. Anyone please?,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Selling Apple accessories: 1 USB-C MBP charger + cable (13 inch, brand new, 85% retail price) 1 USC-C cable (used 3 months, 65% retail price)... 1 MBP case (13 inch, Incase, black, used for 5 months, 50% retail price) See More,
Hello friends v random question idek but does anyone have any experience with doing freelance work; mainly illustration/design but any advice would be greatly appreciated. Pls help me give my life a purpose bc it's falling apart thx <3,
Film graduates please send us your defense papers and save us from a group breakdown. Thank you. ❤️,
Is the summer housing portal still down for everyone?,
Someone left their wet clothes in two dryers in A6C (or maybe you tried to use them overnight and somehow the power cut?) I'm guessing at this point you're going to want to rewash them... :(,
A question for those who took courses at Stern a few years ago. Do you know how long we will be having access to class video recordings on NYUClasses? Will our access expire after we go back to Abu Dhabi, after we graduate or it will never expire?,
Has anyone taken a class with Jason Greenberg in Stern before?,
How is the core Religion and Philosophy with Kalle Taneli in terms of workload? It'll also be nice if I can get reviews about the professor/course.,
Does anyone know where I can find lots of ruled sheets on campus? Alternatively does someone have a bunch of ruled sheets I can use (preferably of a large size)?,[
Resolved] Does the CSS profile now have a different format or am i filling out the wrong thing? 😅,
Hey guys! Looking for people who will be around in AD (and FREE) from 7-14 May and potentially want to go on an Oman road trip. PM me if interested!,
Anyone who has worked with Unity and can help me for a bit? I promise its short. TIA,
guys i really need this sticker before i graduate - does anyone know how i can get it? gotta have the reason why i’m not in debt in a month glistening on my laptop!!,
Hey guys, what's the room with all the condoms at the health and wellness?,
Hi! I am currently enrolled in FFM but I want to swap my recitation timing from the 10:25-11:40 section to the 11:50-13:05 section. Anybody willing to swap?? Alternatively, does it matter if I go to the latter section even if I am not enrolled in it?!? TIA,
Will we have summer courses in the future ?Will we have summer courses in the future ?,
Anyone has a sewing kit to lend? Thanks!!,
A copy of Crazy Rich Asians I could borrow ? Pls and thanks 😁,
Hey guys!  I am looking for someone who is fluent in Arabic internet slang and someone who is fluent in Brazilian-Portuguese internet slang. If you speak/text both, even better!  Thank you!,
Online Escape the Room recommendations?,
Found someone’s SIM card in the library. Left it on the table on the left by the first printer.,
Hi ! Does anyone know where Naima Hafeez's office is located? Thanks in advance.,
how competitive is it to receive a second internship summer funding in the UAE? in other words should I save my internship funding for the summer of sophomore year?,
anyone who was enrolled in legal systems and method last fall?,
Anyone ever had their NYU ID cease to work twice in one week? I think my stopped working last night and I just got a new one on Thursday...,
How intense is the workload for Sensors, Body and Motion?,
Hello Everyone!! Just a short survey and I will be very happy if you take few seconds (like literally) to vote where you belong in this survey! The result will be used in my essay for my FYWS final Essay. Thank you for your participation! ,
Reviews for EgyptAir?,
Anybody knows the email of Audrey from GlobalEd?,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda can help me pick up a phone? Thanks!,
Any people interested in Introduction to Accounting (7-Week) at a different time (e.g. 10:25...) and/or in Fall 2?,
Is anyone here into emo / math rock / revival? Looking for friends to get my sad jams on with for the end of the year,
Reviews for Jetstar Airlines? pretty please,
Working hours of the nirvana office?,
Did someone take my ballot? I haven't cast a vote yet and I get this! Please help me exercise my political right!,[
RESOLVED] My NYU ID works fine but is very very worn down at this point - I can’t read any of the emergency/security/health and wellness numbers and the barcode is almost entirely gone. Will public safety give me a free replacement or would I have to pay 100 dirhams to get a new one?,
Any thoughts on the course Social Networks with prof. Blaine Robbins?,
If the Student Portal 'courses' list shows a class for fall semester (CCEA - Abstraction Prof. Salwa Mikdadi) that Albert doesn't have, does this mean the class will be held or not?,
Anybody with experience in cleaning fish-tanks or fish (as pets) in general? Edit: The problem is, no matter how well I clean the fish-tank, the water gets green in like a few hours. This is very unusual because this hasn't happened ever and I've had the fish for almost 3 months now.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, guys! I lost my ID card somewhere around either D2 or C2. If you see/find it, please let me know. Will be forever thankful!,
Urgent Does anyone have AAA batteries?,
This global leader threw his phone in the air celebrating the #YearOfZayed only to find that it was too weak to take the fall.  Not only is my screen broken, but my phone is now randomly messaging people.  Any ideas what it'll cost me to repair this?   Thanks, and celebrate the #YearOfZayed responsibly.,
Anyone heading to Al Wahda tonight and wants to share a cab?,[
Resolved] Anyone who's completed the CSS financial aid profile?,
Does anyone have an embroidery hoop I can borrow? Alternatively, does the costume shop have one? Thanks,
Anyone (preferably in A5C) with a pair of scissors I can borrow?,
Urgent: Does anyone have a piece of photo paper I can buy off them please?,
Come to the Salon to watch Alexa Chung talk about the Future of Fashion! 💜 Ft. Anita and Russo's pizza 😊,
NON-Latinos: What is your favorite reggeaton/latino songs?,
Looking for a long arm stapler on campus! Something like this,
Urgent, has anyone seen headphones like these around/maybe took them by mistake? Last seen in A2B lounge around 4 hours ago...,
Internship funding away from home peeps: when will we get the $$$? :),
Does anyone have a keyboard on campus with them that doesn’t mind lending it for a few hours for a performance? Pls, it’s really important,
Anyone who works with NYUAD Access that I could speak to?,
Anyone interested in taking photos for Interclassico on April 25 (Wednesday) from 6:30 to 8:30? <3,
Least used printers on campus? (speculations welcome),
Places in the UAE where I can order makeup online? I'm lazy.,
Does anyone know how to switch the audio in the East Forum from the speakers in the back room to the speakers in the main room?,
GIRLS FOOTBALL TEAM ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. GAME STARTS IN 30 MINUTES,
URGENT!!! GIRLS FOOTBALL ARE IN THE FUTSAL FESTIVAL FINALS. COME WATCH AN EXCITING GAME AT 3PM!!!!!!!,
Anyone traveling from AD to New York anytime soon?,
Typically we hear stories about assholes who don't have common curtesy in the laundry rooms, but today I want to tell you a story about a good samaritan.  As I was busy pretending to be a future leader in the dining hall, a true future leader saw that my clothes were finished in the washing machine.  Being the future leader that he is, he had the foresight to not only take out my clothes and put them into a drier, but he also started it.  It's true, the heroes aren't just in the movies.  God bless <3,
Does anyone know of how the class " Advanced Reading and Writing: Identities and Metamorphoses" is? Is it for upperclassmen? Who teaches it? Is it new?  I saw it in the writing section (where FYWS is) of the courses listed in Albert.,
I completely forgot this about the css profile, Is NYUAD not listed or do we put in NYU?,
Long shot: Anyone going to the Egyptian Embassy this week and would like to share a cab?,
Haiiiii! Does anyone have a copy of 'Temporary People' that they're willing to part with / sell?,
fierce and generous proofreaders?,
Reviews on the 2 credit film class: producing the short film by Wahbeh Fadi ? Please, thank you 😀,
Anyone has popcorn? Preferably around A2?,
Yo, if anyone is coming over the summer, I’ll be subletting my room ❤️ it’s walking distance to campus, in a really nice doorman apartment with laundry, a patio, doorman, (shitty) gym and all that jazz. I’ll sub it for cheaper than nyu housing, and HELLA cheaper than NYU single. You can also use my midi and guitar and hooka and yada-yada-yada. Hmu ❤️ (Mid may-mid July),(
resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇(resolved) Baking tray pleaseeee? Will return tonight along with some chocolate chip cookies 😇,
I require you to vote? (Is that how this works?) https://studentvote.nyu.edu  Since you are already reading let me elaborate on why I think Tami is comparably better candidate for the President: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE WITH STUGOV - we are approaching a transitional period without Vic Lindsay and with new constitution. We need somebody who was involved in Abu Dhabi StuGov and can transition to the presidential position almost without any guidance. -she GETS STUFF DONE - she does no...t only start a project but also finishes it, be it working with ResEd or class events. -she is EASY TO REACH - answers her e-mails and can make time for you/your representation when necessary. She makes time to listen to your concerns and gives advice if she can. -she is SUPPORTING YOU, NOT IDEOLOGIES - it is the student voice that matters to her, not transnational concepts. -she is not gonna be buying your votes - I am doing this because I am scared of her not winning, not because she asked. Lets be real she will not do any kind of propaganda. PM me/comment any questions you might have - I can elaborate on any of the points and why I think them applicable ONLY to Tami. See More,(
resolved) FORMS OF WRITING FOR THE SCREEN I am reaching out to those enrolled in Forms of Writing for the Screen, especially those who are not film majors. Despite registering as soon as the enrollment was opened, I did not get a place on the Forms of Writing for the Screen course with Scandar, and am currently the second on the waitlist. ... Being a decided freshman Film (Practice) major, it is mandatory that I take the course in the fall, and it is the last requirement to fulfill to study away in sophomore spring. My courses have been planned towards that goal for the past two semesters, and are jeopardized because of a single course. It should also really be taken ASAP to do better in screenwriting for other film projects. Would someone please kindly drop the course to spare a lot of worries and e-mails? Either someone enrolled, or the first person on the waitlist. I understand that this may be a lot to ask, and that I am in no way more entitled to have the spot, but if you could just PM me to have a discussion about this, I would be tremendously grateful.  Please do respond to this, and thank you in advance. See More,
Does anyone have a camera I can borrow for tomorrow morning?,
Anyone know where on campus I can get an antivirus installed? I think you can at IT, but that was a while ago.,
anyone know of an Emirate folktale about food?,
Strange request, but does anyone have any coals?,
Hye !  Can anyone please tell me who the faculty advisor for the CubeSat SIG is?  Kinda urgent. TIA,(
RESOLVED) Anyone want to play tarneeb now?,
Does anyone have experience with getting a lost Emirates ID replaced? How long does the process take? Alternatively, does anyone know if the Immigration Desk on campus has scans of our IDs?,(
resolved!) hi hi does anyone have painkillers? asking for a paralyzed friend :(,
Like/comment if the only reason you still use Facebook (not messenger) is NYUAD groups like this one, Student Life and Forum.,
Vacuum Cleaner Please! Anyone?,
Can you still submit an assistantship time sheet a month (or months*) late?,
does anyone have elementary chinese 1 and/or 2 textbook/s i can borrow this summer?,(
Resolved) A swimming cap? I just need two briefly for tonight.,
Hello, can I borrow someone's filming equipment (zoom, lights, etc.) tomorrow for a few hours? Thank you in advance!,
Anyone attending MENA Diplomacy Dialogue on Sunday? PM me if you want to share a ride to EDA <3,
Where is the cheap jet skiing?,
Hey errybody, who has the board games (House on the Hill, Colony, etc)?,
Nyuguest wifi password? Please and thanks so much,
Thoughts on professor Anisa Shyti?,
How do i find syllabi for NY classes?,
Anyone have a baking tray and/or mixing bowl I could borrow? Will repay with cookies!!,
is there a way to request to count more than 2 courses towards a major in study away?,
Hey! Does anyone have two spare commencement tickets?,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
For double majors how does the capstone/extra classes work? I'm double majoring in SRPP and Film, but would do a Film capstone. If I did a joint capstone, would I be taking four capstone classes or just the two? If I just do a Film capstone, do I just take two non-Foundational electives for SRPP?,
Can anyone share their thoughts on Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin? (in terms of workload...) Thanks in advance.,
I caught your attention 😀  GOLF SIG just got revived. We are figuring the budget but gauging the interest now. There would be at least 50% CoPay (between 50- 80 AED) or possibly full price - depending on the "budget cuts" and the generosity of the StuGov.  Could you please comment your name ONLY IF you would be willing to pay (possibly with specifying how much is your MAX PRICE you are willing to pay) and come to at least 2/10 sessions? (If you feel like sharing: telling us your level - beginner, intermediate, advanced...PGA champion - would also help),
A very large blanket or tarp? Preferably blue! Or maybe where I could find one on campus? Thank you!,
Guest wifi password please?,
Resolved!  Can I talk to someone who's done or is doing a joint capstone (in two majors)?,
I thought I couldn’t go but turns out I can IF ONLY I HAD A TICKET TO THE GALA HELP ANYONE HAS AN EXTRA ONE? 🙏,
Which dining hall is open?,
Yet another bird post, I know, but this little fella seems to have a cut on its back and seems to be injured. Idk what  else to do other than place it in a box with some water ( i used gloves dw). Any suggestions as to what I should do?,
Anyone knows who I should go to if I lost my glasses during gala by any chance?,
Do we give our Core Curriculum User Guide and our Bulletin back somewhere or do we get rid of them? I.e. is there someone who would be interested in keeping them?,
It’s here! Join Attitude and the Caribbean SIG today at 6 pm (Arts Center 114) for a fun workshop in Jamaican Dancehall 💃🏽,
Resolved -Anybody who has any information concerning the whereabouts of my backpack (gray/ jansport/ identifying documents inside/ mac charger) is strongly encouraged to contact me,
PSA: D2 reopens at 12pm for lunch,
Tala Nassar’s number?,
Anyone going from New York to Abu Dhabi early May?,
On the tables in baraha,
Is it possible to transfer my US tourist visa to a student visa?,
Has anybody managed to borrow a camera from the library or the arts center over summer without being a film major/minor. If so, how? Thanks!,
sleepin pill preferably in a6b?,
Should I be worried if I didn’t get an email of confirmation after I selected my room?,
My soul (pretty damaged but OK) in exchange for ibuprofen, preferably in A2??,
Summer Funding UAE Secondary Deadline is May 3rd [9 AM, GST]. The UAE grant is for students who have secured an internship within the UAE. These internships must be at least six weeks in length. The UAE summer internship grant provides support towards the cost of airfare, accommodation, local transportation, and meals.... Maximum award available is USD 4000.  Notification: May 9th See More,[
Resolved] Anyone who has a bike (doesn't matter mountain/road) to lend me just for tomorrow early morning, tons of thanks:),
Phone credit? Anyone?,[
URGENT] guys pls help, i need an easy structures or literature core (old core) for next semester, any recommendations?,
Opinions on Dawn Chatty (esp Displacement and Dispossession in the Middle East)?,
Reviews on FOMST with Elisabeth Anderson?,
I have an extra ticket for the Gala. It´s free. My room is open I will leave it on the top of the microwave. Don´t take anything else. a2c 615.,
Any Japanese speakers who would be willing to do live translation on calls? Basically I would ask a question in English, you would need to translate to Japanese and then translate the response back to English. It will be 3-4 hours worth of calls for which we would pay USD 100 in total.  The calls would be spread over 3-4 days so you will not need to work for more than 1-2 hours every day - just have a flexible schedule as the calls will be quite last  minute.  PM me if you're interested!,
Anyone planning to cab to the gala?,
Does anyone want to share a cab to the Galla today at 8:15pm?,
Wtf is the fine system in the library? I have been charged some money out of nowhere with no one informing me,
anyone taken comparative legal systems with shakeel and had the course count as a poli sci elective?,
Does anyone have a curler in A5B? Pls help I have long hair that need to be tamed :c,
Fishing line anyone? pls,
Friends, what are some classes being offered in the fall I absolutely should take before getting out of here for good?,
Anyone who’s interned with MWH before?,
Cores offered by literature professors?,
Risk Management Live Streaming at A6-006 (Happening Right Now!!) click the link below to access the live streaming for ... Risk Management Strategy by Vaishakh Nair, Senior Consultant of Protiviti working in Energy & Utilities See More,
How is Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans taught by Shady Amin in terms of grading?,
Is D2 open now?,[
Resolved] Does the bookstore close at 5 or 6pm today?,
Anyone knows where the iron is from A2C laundry room?,
blue bowtie? please!,
Recommendations of Arabic films with female protagonists?,
Thoughts on Deborah Kapchan?,
Is there a way to make the AC not turn on by itself?,
Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?Does anyone have a big backpack that I can borrow between May 9 and May 18?,[
RESOLVED] Anyone with gala tickets but cannot go? I will buy 2 tickets for 150 AED. PLS :'(,
Anyone selling a ticket for the gala today?,2 gala tickets for sale?,
A mixer I could borrow tomorrow? Will return with a piece of cake! ^_^,
Thoughts on Alejandro Portes as a professor?,
gala ticket anyone?? asking for a friend,
Bakers required!! We need people who can make delicious baked goods for the last Open Mic this Friday! Let me know what ingredients you need by tomorrow, and we can go buy them for you :),
Where should I send an email to in nirvana if I need to change the flights they booked me?,
thoughts on: - Ethnographic field research (Prof. Zeynep Ozgen) - Practicum in Social Research (Prof. Daniel Karell) - Data Analysis (Prof. Jonathan Andrew Harris) - Creativity & Innovation (Prof. Margaret Julias)... thanks! See More,
Hi, any thoughts on 'Music: Histories and Cultures' with Gwyneth Bravo? (Workload, teaching style, syllabus etc),
Does anyone know where Xiao-Xiao Jiao's (Intermediate Chinese I) Office is?,
Nearest ratchet barbershop (15 AED for a haircut) Anything closer than Madinat Zayed area?,
Anyone in Why Is It So Hard to Do Good can fill me in on what's been done in the previous classes and syllabus? Thank you!,(
SOLD)One ticket left ! Someone just canceled. Let me know ASAP,
does anyone have a tripod i could borrow for the weekend?,
hellooo, help pls, is doing GEPS, political thinking and FOMST together a stupid idea? tyy,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a brownie pan i could borrow tonight?,(
SOLD OUT)FOMO hitting you hard ? Last chance to grab a ticket for the Spring Gala (4 tickets left). Come to the StuGov office (E-229) until 12:30 with your 50aed ! First come, first served.  #stugovlove,
Hey! Does anyone know someone who I could get in contact with from the finance/registrar office? It says I owe $2500 on my Bursar Account. I had the same problem  2 weeks ago and they cleared it up but the same amount just reappeared. Enrollment is tomorrow and I'm currently unable to add/view or enroll in classes. I need a way to get it resolved asap !!,
Hello!  Does anyone have the syllabus for "Silk Roads, Sea Routes and Shared Heritage" taught by Robert Parthesius?  Thank you very much! :),
thoughts on legal writing with Barry Masanori Hashimoto , alternatively thoughts on the professor himself?,
Who has a car that I can use for a film project on campus on Saturday? From 5-7pm...,
Dermatoligist recommendations please?? Kinda urgent.,
hi is "education and society" a nice class please tell me thanks,[
WON'T BE RESOLVED / CLOSED] Can we (Student Gov, students etc.) petition to be allowed to change our flights through the airline directly instead of going through Nirvana? Ideally, Nirvana should be completely removed from this process but I know it's highly unlikely to happen. Every year when I am trying to change my flight they provide me with a ridiculous quote. Often it is twice more expensive than if I simply do it directly through the airline. Always, booking a new direct flight on your own costs a lot cheaper than changing it with Nirvana due to their ridiculous fees. NYUAD Student Government,
Thoughts on Human Rights Law in terms of workload and how interesting it is?,
Extra Galla Ticket ?,
Anyone know of any professor who has studied, carrying out a research or just is experienced in Blockchain and can answer some questions regarding a project?,
Who has the ticket for today's Gala?,
Gauging interest for a Rice and Eggs SIG for next semester.,
A fun practical film class for non-film majors?,
Hey folks, Does anyone have any experience with NetSuite and interfacing NetSuite with BI software (either through TacticalConnect or another integration tool?) Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!,
selling my gala ticket, if anyone’s interested pm,
Does anyone know if Arab Music Cultures, or another Music elective that fulfills the Islamic requirement, will be offered Spring 2019 as well? Professor Quayle doesn't seem to be answering.,
Another question theater students, is it a bad idea to take Thinking Theater and Making Theater in the same semester?,[
RESOLVED]: CDAD or CADT core class recommendations? I am looking for a really chill CORE class, with little workload and a easy grader for a professor? Is that too much to ask 🙂 Thank you in advance <3,
any extra gala tickets? i need one urgently,
Thoughts on Etienne Wasmer as a professor?,
Do I still have a chance at getting my Stern courses if I'm currently 15-17th on the waitlist?,
Soda to spare anyone?,
It's simple work, but it must be properly done to receive full compensation. 4 tasks available, 4 people needed (you can only choose one task): - Drawing bounding boxes around table cells (300 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around column titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN... - Drawing bounding boxes around row titles (150 dhs) - TAKEN - Drawing bounding boxes around tables (50 dhs) - TAKEN Message me on facebook or email me (jma587) for more details. See More,
Hey does anyone know what event happened today with all the locals that were around campus?,
A bird just ran into a wall and broke its neck but it's still alive what do I do????? Public safety said they don't have procedures what should I do,
Needle and thread? Thank you!,
NYUAD ladies, anyone has a curling iron I could borrow tomorrow for half an hour or so? :))),
Thoughts on The Mind by Shaalan Farouk??,[
GONE] Gala ticket for sale - 50dhs -,
Selling a ticket to the end-of-the-year event. 50aed.,
hi. I need one more credit to finish the lit major and it has to be the pre-modern literature elective. Plz tell me the global shakespeare course isn't the only choice for fall semester to satisfy that credit. (i kinda hate shakespeare). help plissssssssss,
Dear friends, would y'all be kind enough to leave the last (double) spot in A6B 410 open until 4/22? One of my friends cannot access the portal due to technical reasons and we have already occupied all 3 other spots. Thanks very much for understanding! :),
Thoughts on Intro to Comparative Politics with Melina Platas and/or Intro to International Politics with Muhammet Ali Bas? Those courses were not taught by those two before so maybe comments on the professor's themselves?,
Can a minor requirement be double counted as a core? I can't find any info about double counting courses in general...,
Cores with a class trip?,
Recommendation for a Political Science method electives for next Fall? Ideally, one with a workload that isn't too heavy?  Also, thoughts on Everything is A Remix?  Thanks x,
Peacebuilding with michael harsch?,
ISTANBUL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SPRING BREAK  Hey guys! since half of the school population is going to Istanbul for spring break and a lot of people asked me about what to do, I thought I’d just share this on ror. (I live in Istanbul). This is so long so I kinda just put it in categories. You can message me if you have any other questions! Also, because I’m a really food oriented person, these recommendations are quite food oriented.  Make sure you get an IstanbulKart as soon as you land in Istanbul. The public transportation system is really extensive and you can go anywhere with it. Don’t forget that Google Maps will tell you which public transportation to take!! The official public transportation works with IstanbulKart (metro, metrobus, ferry, motor, buses, etc). There are also privately owned public transportation systems, like dolmuş, minibus, etc. These ones can be a bit tricky to use as tourists (no official payment system/the driver 98% won’t speak English/no official stops, you just say can i get off here, etc). But the official public transportation should get you anywhere, anyways.  Istanbul basically doesn’t have wifi anywhere except some restaurants. Don’t be surprised!  If you haven’t checked yet, Turkish lira and dirham almost have the same exchange rate. So when I’m saying 120 lira, I mean like 120 dhs.  Also, I’m not gonna mention any obvious, touristy places, like the Maiden’s Tower, Hagia Sophia, Topkapı Palace, etc.  Üsküdar: Kuzguncuk, Meter Döner, Paşalimanı Kafe, Fethipaşa Korusu, kebab  This is the Asian side, you can cross over with a ferry for couple liras. When you come to Üskudar (you’ll be by the sea), just walk towards Kuzguncuk. This should be about 1, max 2 km. Kuzguncuk is super cute, reminds me of Notting Hill in London. Should have couple shops as well. For food, go to METET Döner. Order döner, my favourite is pilav üstü döner (this is basically meat on top of fried rice). This restaurant is quite cheap, especially according to Dhabi standards but SO delicious. When you’re walking back to central Üsküdar, you should cross by Beltur Paşalimani Kafe, it’s around 500 metres from Kuzguncuk. This place is run by the municipality, so it’s also relatively cheap. But the location is AMAZING. You will literally be sitting on the sea with a full fledged view of the Bosphorus. Order Turkish tea if you don’t feel like anything else. When you leave Paşalimanı Kafe, keep walking on the coastline and you should see the entrance to Fethipaşa Korusu. This is a tiny park/forest. Walk up the park and you will have an amazing view of the Bosphorus from above.  Another of my favourite places in Üsküdar is this tiny kebab shop called Urfalı Kasım Usta. They have the best kebab in Istanbul imo. Get Adana kebab if you like spicy food, Urfa kebab if you don’t. They’ll bring it to you with your kebab, but if they don’t, ask for ezme. My fav food that no one can replicate. It’s a type of tomato/chili sauce but it’s so good. Also, if they still have it (they run out really fast), get some liver. I don’t eat it but people love it. They cut it into pieces and fry/cook it with butter. Also get ayran, the Turkish yoghurt drink. Don’t be surprised if no one speaks English, this is the least touristy place!  Kadıköy: Koço, rakı balık, ice cream, bars My fav place in Istanbul. Again, on the Asian side and reachable by the ferry. This is a more  hipster, young area of Istanbul and it will be incredibly crowded. What you should do in Kadıköy is basically walk around and explore. Start walking from the street between Starbucks and Coldstone ice cream. This location description may sound weird but it’s really obvious what I mean when you’re there. You will see lots of cool shops. Go to Kadıköy around 5 pm, walk around a bit, eat, and go drinking. For food, go to Koço Meyhanesi. This restaurant is technically in Moda, a neighbourhood in Kadıköy that will take you 20 mins of walking to get to from the ferry. This place serves rakı balık, which means meze (Turkish tapas), seafood and Turkish alcohol. THIS PLACE MAKES SUCH GOOD FOOD. It’s also quite expensive. I would say 130-180 liras per person depending on how much you drink. But that also means it’s just a bit more expensive than any restaurant in Abu Dhabi. I think it’s worth the money. Once you’re seated, they’ll bring out a huge tray with all the tapas they have. You can choose whatever looks food. Here are my recommendations though. For cold starters: Haydari (yoghurt), Fava (bean puree? idk), Octopus salad, Hamsi (anchovy ancues), midye dolma (stuffed mussels, order one per person), lakerda (salt cured fish). For hot starters: kalamar tava (calamari), karides güveç (shrimp casserole), tereyağında karides (shrimp fried in butter), midye tava (fried mussels). Then order Rakı, 35 cl should be enough for 5-7 people. Keep in mind that two fingers of rakı are mixed with a lot of water and ice. Just because you think you drink well don’t think you can drink a lot of rakı!! Also, what we usually do is just order a lot of mezes, which is the stuff I listed above, and share. You can also get proper fish if you want but I don’t find it necessary after all the amazing tapas. For dessert, you can stop by Ali Usta Dondurmacısı. This is a super famous ice cream shop. 5 liras per scoop, super good ice cream. Alternatively, go to Abbas waffles next door and get waffles.  After food, go to Ayı Bar. This is my fav bar in Istanbul and it’s usually quite crowded. If you cant find a place, go to Fil next door. Alcohol in Istanbul is usually 15-20 lira for beer, 30-50 for cocktails and hard liquor (per glass). Karaköy: BAKLAVA, (hipster) shopping, developing film, Galata Tower, alcohol  Now we are in the European side. Another of my favourite neighbourhoods. In Karaköy, YOU HAVE TO GO TO KARAKÖY GÜLLÜOĞLU. This is a must to get the BEST BAKLAVA in the world. I’m not kidding. My favourite one is kaymaklı baklava, which means baklava with cream(?). It’s the kind that doesn’t have nuts in it. But baklava with pistachios or walnuts is also so good. Trust me on this. Go to Güllüoğlu to have Baklava!!!  Great place for hipster shops. Just walk around and explore.  Also, if you need to develop film, there is a Fujifilm in Karaköy really close to Güllüoğlu.  Apart from very important baklava, the best thing you can do to explore Karaköy is walk around the neighbourhood. Karaköy isn’t isolated, it connects to other cool neighbourhoods like Galata and Beşiktaş. You can walk to the Galata Tower from Karaköy. Especially at night, the neighbourhood around Galata Tower is really cool, you can also drink a lot.  Ortaköy: the House Cafe, shopping, shisha, kumpir  Ortaköy is another neighbourhood to walk around in but it isn’t hipstery like Karaköy or Kadıköy. One of my favourite restaurants in Istanbul is in Ortaköy, called the House Cafe. It’s a bit bougie, the food isn’t super good, and it isn’t Turkish food (just normal food lmao), but the atmosphere is AMAZING. There literally isn’t a barrier between the restaurant and the sea. So much so that some rich ass people come straight into the restaurant with their yachts lol. The restaurant isn’t so expensive though, 50-60 liras per meal, or even less.  If you don’t wanna take the bougie route, just go to one of the kumpir shops by the huge ass mosque (the Ortaköy mosque). Kumpir is jacket potato with lots of toppings. Use to cost like 5 liras but now it costs around 20.  Ortaköy has a lot of tiny shops for souvenirs and jewellery. Make sure you’re not getting ripped off, though! You shouldn’t pay more than 40 liras for anything.  Ortaköy is also a good place to have some shisha. Turkish shisha is a bit different than Arabic shisha I guess, but not so different. Fatih: pide  Another of my favourite restaurants is in Fatih. Fatih isn’t the most aesthetic neighbourhood but it has the BEST pide shop. Pide is like Turkish pizza(?). It’s basically dough with toppings that they bake in a huge ass oven. The restaurant is called Fatih Pide Salonu. Also not a touristic place. Get pide with kaşar cheese, with mince meat, and with beef bacon!! Also get ayran.  Pm me if you have any other questions!,
Hey guys,  Is anyone interested in babysitting on the 7th? The child is very sweet & her mother Saba, works here as a TA. Please comment below & i put you in touch with her 🙂!  "I am looking for someone to babysit a three year old girl - Sara - for 3 hours on Saturday 7th April from 5:30pm to 8:30pm on campus. She is toilet trained, can speak fluent English and is familiar with the campus. I am happy to offer reasonable compensation for their valuable time.",
Hey Guys!  Latino night preps are coming up and we are looking for musicians that would like to play (Latino and non-latino). Instruments we are looking for are keyboard, drums, bass, guitar, violin, percucions(conga), brass section, sax and vocals. We are looking for people that are confident with their instrument and available to practice around three times a week.  Please comment your net ID and instrument if interested.,
Hey guys!  I am looking to gather a couple of people who have taken a Leave of Absence or/and feel strongly about the topic or/and want to provide their experiences to be able to list out concerns and draft a letter to Dean Farley which I already met about it a few months ago. Your name doesn't have to be mentioned nor specifics regarding your experience.  This would allow us to start a conversation with admin regarding changes that could be implemented and make the process and the experience smoother and easier for future students taking Leaves.  Please comment below your netids or privately message me and we'll figure a time to meet and draft a letter together.  Thank you! :),
Hey guys! Does anyone know the nyuadguest password?  Please please 😬,
Hey all, a bit of a general research-oriented question that I want to ask on behalf of a friend- in your classes/discussions with professors/misc settings, what types of latest research have you come across that marry Computer Science with Political Science/social science in general? i.e. what are the "hot topics" that people are actively looking into these days? Would be grateful for any insight as this is a bit out of my depth.  P.S If anyone knows of any relevant programs/research opportunities/internships that offer experience in this joint field, please comment those below too!,
Hey ROR, IM BACK - long time no see. Anyways, when are summer research funding decisions usually announced?,
Hey guys! Anyone looking to change the recitation times for Foundations of Financial Markets for Fall 2018? Alternatively, anyone looking to change the course times for Ordinary Differential Equations? Please let me know!!! Might be a long shot, but please help a poor returning student out!,
Hey, has anyone ever had Alberto Gandolfi as a math professor? What do you think of him?,
Hey everyone! <3 Just curious about who is staying in AD for the summer term. What courses are you guys taking?,
hey guys, does anyone know how to figure out which classes count towards the old core? pls help me figure this shit out so i can get those done,
Hey does anyone know where I can mail postcards for free on campus? If not, then off? Thanks.,
FREE ART COMMISSION FOR MOTHER'S DAY Hey all! I'll be working on mother's day portraits over the Spring Break and have 10 spots open for commission. First come first serve! I may take more depending on time. Comment if interested. Mother's Day is celebrated 21st of March in the UAE.,
Hey guys!! Pam has extra spots on the Global Village trip for tomorrow, FRI Mar 23rd: leaving NYU @ 2:30pm and returning @ 10:30pm! feel free to email Pam if you'd like to go 💚💙,
Hey! Is anyone going to be going from Berlin to the UAE? OR who is in Berlin this semester?  We need someone to bring artworks from Berlin to Dubai before 22nd of March, willing to cover your ticket/costs and a little fee.,
Anyone who's done a research internship with an NYU campus professor in the summer mind answering a few questions about housing? TIA,
Hey all. Does anyone potentially have condensed milk? You may have a small portion of the product,
Hey, does anyone have ice cream ? Will buy you a new one tomorrow 😅,
hey guys, any advice on how much cash (in rupees) i should take with me if im gonna be traveling through sri lanka for 8 days? we’re going to colombo ella and mirissa,
hey how do u personalize a ring tone on an iphone if u downloaded a tone from the tone store bls,
can anyone who applied to a job at the library help me pls? cant figure out where to upload the availability chart on careernet,[
RESOLVED] Hey! I know this is last minute but does anyone on campus have a winter coat and a scarf that I could borrow for a week? I am leaving to France tomorrow. (Would be forever grateful and bring you something from Strasbourg!),
Hey all! Happy Nowruz 🎉 Any Farsi speakers that would be willing to translate something very short for me?,
Hey guys, I am planning to travel Uganda. Is anyone from Uganda? I  really need some help. Thank you so much!,
Hi guys, could people from Latin America help me please? I am taking class called Education in Emergencies, but truthfully I do not know what issues are students in LA facing. I know this is very broad and ignorant but could you please comment anything? This can be discrimination towards indigenous people, or limited resources, or questionable syllabi, or hard to reach areas, or truly anything you see problematics with the educational system.,
Hey, any Arab/ Arabic-speaking performers willing to help out with a theater piece?,
Hey guys! Does anyone know if the drivers Licensing Department in Mushrif is open on weekends? And if so what hours. Thanks!!,
if anyone has seen a black pencil case (more like a pouch) lying around campus somewhere, please lmk!! lost it before spring break and i can’t find it anywhere 😭 it has the words “every day is a new day” on it and contains all my pens 😢😢😢 any help would be greatlyyy appreciated 🙏🏼,
Anyone wanna petition to have Spoken or Written Contemporary French next semester? (comment NetIds) Also do we know if this has been offered in the past? (please support me) (Marielle Daria  Caroline ?),
An electric beater (preferred) or a whisk that I could borrow for 30 mins?,
how do i download a whole folder from newclasses please helpm e,
I need a small favour from Individuals that identify as either Arab-American or Chinese-American? It shouldn't take too long and I will pay you in chocolate or something your heart desires <3,
anyone willing to perform a spoken word piece? comment/DM :),
Hey guys! I'd really appreciate it if you answered the following question (it's for a class): Do you think that the type of personality an individual has impacts their health (directly or indirectly)? Feel free to add an explanation for your response in the comments. ,
Is there a site/FB page/anything that has course reviews of NYU Shanghai? +) Anyone who took IM courses in Shanghai and are willing to share their experience?😊,
PAID OPPORTUNITY: tutoring a 6th grade girl, two hours a week. Bonus if you can tutor French and/or Arabic. Must have lots of patience/knows how to handle kids! Tutor must be in AD for FALL 2018 and SPRING 2019. Comment/PM me if you’re interested!,
Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏Looking for someone who has worked/interned in publishing and wouldn't mind answering a few questions 🙏,
Hello! Does anyone have a duffle bag (or two) I can borrow for spring break? please <3,
Does anyone have raw aloe vera or something for sunburn?,
Are there any non-cred french classes at nyuad either in Spring 2 or during the summer?,
Hi! Anyone going to Dubai on Thursday March 8 early afternoon? Thank you!,
Hey! We’re starting a new SIG called PayWrite: Publish Your Work which hopes to become a publishing hub and network for our student community. We noticed there is a lot of content (e.g. papers, art for classes) produced at NYUAD which goes shut into the drawer or stays on a computer disk indefinitely with no purpose after the semester ends.  We aim at finding the audience for such quality work that would otherwise be paid little heed here. Members of our SIG would get access to academic journals, newspapers and other leading publishing websites with our help through our network of affiliates. By participating you risk nothing but gaining audience and associated benefits. Comment you netID under this post if you are interested 😉,
Hey Guys! I am doing some research on the campus cats for a class project. I want to know more about their lives on campus -  everything from who feeds them to the parties involved in taking care of them and their general well-being. If you can name some people I can talk to, that would be great! Thank you!,
hey to new and old homies - I graduated in 2016 and am now teaching a class called "Maps and Migrations." I'm sure there must be core courses on both of these subjects - could people send me syllabi if possible?,
Hey friends, who is here this semester and interested in helping with the menstrual hygiene products pilot program? It's minimal commitment and we could really use your help!,
Hey everyone, [RESOLVED] Need suggestions on a colloquium that's great.  Or rather any thoughts on gender or the desert?  Thanks in advance😊,
Hey, all-- Who does one ask about options for going home for a couple weeks of the semester  because of a personal family matter?  Has anyone done this before? Thanks in advance.,
Hey everyone, I'm having friends visit me for 7 days, which of 2 will be spent in Dubai. Please give me must see places in both Dubai and Abu Dhabi, like ones they have to see before leaving the UAE. Thank you!!,
hey hey! does anyone know which zoo is better to visit: Al Ain Zoo or Emirates Park Zoo?,
Hey fam, anyone flying from NY to AD and could bring something over for me? Thx ❤️,
Any guy in A5C who doesn't mind submitting a guest pass form for my friend from NYU Stern? He's arriving two nights earlier than check in for his semester in AD. You just have to submit the form for his guest pass, please.,
Hey guys, I'm shooketh that in all these years we had so many currency exchange requests on here and still never had an exchange group. But now we do! Sooooooo https://www.facebook.com/groups/nyuadmoney/,
Hey, Happy New Year!! Anyone taking Child Development and Social Policy? I was switched into the class abruptly and am wondering if I am missing anything? Like the syllabus or the readings? Any help is appreciated!,
Hey all.. does anyone have a mirror they do not need anymore (any size)? Or a broken mirror I can dispose of? pleaase,
Hey lovely people, does anyone has a projector that they could lend for tonight?  You would make me and Vuk Vuković very happy : ),[
RESOLVED] Hey, is anyone taking sustainable development class? Message me please,
Hey guys! I want to have a look at the syllabus for Network Everything. If anyone has it, please pm me!  Thank you!!!,
Hey! Does anyone have an abaya that I can borrow tonight?,[
Resolved] URGENT-ish. Hey guys, I'm having MFA problems and can't get onto the student portal- could someone with access pretty please send me the shuttle schedule from AD airport (if there even is one)? TYIA xx,
Hey guys! I am trying to import my schedule to google calendars. But, the times don't match!! Is there a way for me to fix that? Thank youu!,
hey guys, anyone know the email id for IT help?,
Hey guys! Can anyone share the syllabus for Introduction to Interactive media with me? Thank you!!!!,
Hey guys any thoughts on Introduction to Interactive Media? thanks in advance:),
Hey guys can any psych majors that took social psych/perception/psychology of sex and gender PM me, thankss,
Anyone has the Syllabus for Intro to Entrepreneurship with Regien Sumo? Thanks in advance.,
Hospitals/dentists good with wisdom teeth removal? (that also accept our insurance)  Thank you!,
Are we allowed to work off-campus during the study away semester in New York?,
Who do I talk to if I'm interested in iGEM 2018?,
Bit of a broad question, but - most amazing places to visit and unique things to experience in Europe? And also any travel recommendations specifically for Spain? Thank you! :),
anyone in 'Identity and Culture in Politics' who can give me an overview of what was discussed in class today? thanks!,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to check waitlist position on the new albert?,
hello friends! anyone have the syllabus for toral gajarawala's 'on violence' course? also, i believe there was a course being taught about forgiveness (a core, natch) - if someone had the syllabus for that, i'd love to see it! thanks in advanceee,
Pls this is urgent: does anyone have an incense burner and stick that I can borrow to take a picture for a staged setting? Pls pls pls I really need one,
Anyone in 'Anthropology of the Fatwa' and can give me their opinion on the first class (in terms of workload, interesting content etc etc)? Thanks!,
Would someone be kind enough to donate their unneeded engineering ethics textbook to a great cause (me),
The Gazelle requires footage of campus cats and people who are willing to be interviewed about the cat issue on campus.,
I've got $50 and was wondering if anyone would like to exchange it for some Dirhams.,
Has anyone ever requested transportation for a non-sig event ? E.g. I’m getting people together to go see a show in Dubai (but the event is not school sponsored),
Anyone know how to download my transcript from the new albert? Step by step instructions would be appreciated ✨✨please and thank youuu,
Initial thoughts on Global Cold War with Martin Klimke & Masha Kirasirova?  Also on taking two history courses with a FYWS?,
Hey does anyone have Chinese textbooks/workbooks for Elementary 2 or Intermediate 1 that I could have or borrow for the semester? Much thanks 🙂,
Hey! Does anyone know of EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY initiatives, mainly for school systems and mainly within the EUROPEAN UNION?,
Anyone knows what's up with/'s taking care of this kitten near A2B? It's been meowing since yesterday night,
hey guys what do you think about Intro to Musical Programming1 ?,
Reviews on Ethics and Technology in Tandon NY? Is it a chill/easy course? What's the workload like? Is the prof. Patrick Linden a harsh grader?,
Hey all! Does anyone have any winter jacket (Or any winter clothes at all, really) size XS or S that I could borrow for a couple days in j term? Please, I live in Guatemala and own absolutely no winter clothes 😔,
Hey! Is anyone familiar with NYUSH's STEM curriculum? My brother got into SH instead of AD but we don't know much about the program there. Any comments on the courses/faculty/curriculum please! He's interested in CS/physics/mechanical engineering.,
hey hey hey hello! is there anyone who has done one of those programs where you go to spain/south america/etc to learn spanish?  if so, can i message you?,
Hey guys! I am writing a paper on the islamic nature (or not islamic) of ISIS, based on Graeme Wood's "What ISIS really wants?" and I am looking for articles that address this topic. I know some classes have worked on this and it would be really helpful if any of you directed me to articles you used x Thank you,
Hey, is the power outlets in China the ones with two round pointers? (Like the one in the picture?) Is this adaptor applicable? If not, which ones? Thanks!,
Hey sorry if this is a really dumb question, but just joined the MFA (multi factor authentication)  thing and I'm confused.. Does this mean from now on I can no longer access my nyu email unless I have my phone on me...?,(
Resolved)Hey guys, I lost my water bottle (that looks like the one in the picture) a couple of days ago. If you've seen it by any chance please let me know!,[
Resolved 🌟] Hey! Could anyone be so kind to lend me a cooking pot? Will repay in pasta, cheesecake, and love ❤🌻🌚,
Hey! @Ji Soo Choi has lost her wallet in the library. Found it in the printing machine in the second floor on the right side (facing the right from the entrance) please tell her to message me! I have it in the silent room,
Hey! Does anyone have information about where we can donate books this semester? I heard something about the bookstore taking course books back now, does anyone know how that is going to work or if it's still a thing that's happening?,
Hey guys, anyone has some packing tape they can lend? Please!  (Asking for a friend) 😀,
Hey guys, giving away two VIP Creamfields tickets. It's tonight, PM if interested!,
Hey! Does anyone have extra tickets for the Attitude Dance Recital?,
Hey guys does anyone know where to get tickets for the Real Madrid game this coming weekend??? All the tickets are sold outttttttt.,
hey friends and fam where can i find the exam schedule for fall 2017?,
Hey all- does anyone know anything about the CSS financial aid form / its due date? Thank youuu,
Hey guys! Do you know if it's possible to make one of your layovers longer with Nirvana, i.e. spending 15 days in Amsterdam instead of a 8 hour layover? Has anyone done this? TIA.,[
SPOTS FILLED UP] Hey fam, A group of juniors is going into the desert tonight to watch the Meteor Shower and we still have some spots available on the bus! We leave at 10 PM and come back by 4 AM the latest. If anyone is 100% committed to coming, reach out to me ASAP!,
Hey guys! Hope everyone has a good break.  Quick question, what are we supposed to do with our books before checkout? Where can we get rid of them?,
Hey, does anyone know where I can borrow a flag pole from on campus (ie whom to contact)? Also, does anyone have a medium/large sized American flag that theyre willing to lend me for an art project on the 13th? Thank you!,
Hey,  if someone lost this earphones around 1:00-3:00 in the dining hall today,  come get them from the cashier area.,
Hey, in the past a group of students have been organising black history month. Is anyone doing it this time around?,
Anyone who has done/is doing their capstone project to something related to finance?,[
Resolved] Did anyone who had troubles with the lockers in the basement find a way to open it without asking Serco for assistance? Mine won’t open even if I put the right numbers in.,
Does the Astronomy SIG still exist? If yes, does it still take people to the desert at this time of the year?,
Hi guys,  question about the Pedro Monaville - not Internationalism, he will teach another class in NY and friend wants an opinion on him as a professor.,
Hi guys, do you know where we can drop off our big cardboard storage boxes? The guard told me to fit it into the locker ...... thanks in advance!,
Has anyone taken “The First Islamic World Empire: The Abbasids” with Maurice Pomerantz? What’s the workload and grading like?  Also, just to confirm, does it satisfy the Islamic requirement?,
Christian Haefke's office hours?,
Hey guys! How do I fix this? On my room wall,
One of my acquaintances from outside uni wants to get in contact with any actors/filmmakers or drama/communication clubs here at NYU. Are there any contacts that I can presumably provide her?  Likewise, is there a contact person for the theatre/film major head faculty?,
Does anybody have a round baking pan?🙏🏼,
If you have al ain water bottles lying around, I would be more than happy to take them off your hands and save you a trip to the refuse room (collecting for a recycling project). 🖖,
Hey people, a friend of mine is considering moving to Abu Dhabi. He is concerned that 2700 USD a month will not be enough. I actually am not familiar with the rent rates.  Do you think 2700 USD a month is good enough to live in AD? (He will be working at twofour54 location wise) Thank you very much!,
I have AED and need USD. Anyone up for an exchange?,
Does anyone have anything for soar throat and fever in A2? I think all this crying after my friends is getting to me 🤒,
Looking to exchange 2500AED ish to USD,
Resolved ❤ Quite urgent, anyone who has taken Sophia Kalantzakos' class? Pleaseee I have a few questions 😥,[
RESOLVED] Does anyone have antihistamine pills or any kind of antihistamine/artificial eye drops plssss,
Hey guys! I hope your break is going well. I just need some minds that aren't completely clueless about computers (unlike me) to advise me about this laptop I wanna buy :) (or an alternative works too) thank you x,
Anyone going to Dubai at around 10 am tomorrow (21st)?,
Getting rid of my hangers (25) and laundry basket (the white plastic one) and my towels/washed sheets they gave us visiting students at the beginning of the semester. [[Not sure if anyone wants the stuff, but if it's unwanted I'll throw it out. The towels and sheets are white, and can be bleached to be just like new.]],[
resolved] hey guys, what number do i call to book a cab?,
Photographers here in Spring with an investment in civil rights, show yourselves.   I have a paid opportunity for you to do some really incredible work.,
anyone ever got around and took a class with a pre-req in new york without having fulfilled the pre-req? can a professor dismiss the pre-req on an individual case and issue a permission number? i wanna take a class in stern that has intro to marketing as a pre-req, but all the intro to marketing classes are full and intro to marketing is not offered in ad,
Hey guys! Part 1: I have: UAE Dirhams. I need: British Pounds. Part 2[RESOLVED]: I have: Georgian Lari and Jordanian Dinar. I need: British Pounds/UAE Dirham.,
Has anyone negotiated accommodation deals with a hotel in Abu Dhabi before? (like for people coming for a conference) alternatively, someone who's used the A1 dorms for guests?,
Anyone going to the Club World Cup final and willing to share a cab?,
Hi is anyone from StuGov in C2?? Need storage box,[
SOLVED] Anyone wanna share a cab to Zayed Sports City Stadium at around 7:30?,
Hey all! Clothes for sale! New and never worn. Most of the prices are reduced but can be negotiable. (F) is for her, (M) is for him, (U) is unisex. [Sold] (F) Red blouse from United Colours of Benetton, Size: XS, Price: 85dhs (F) Yellow blouse from Debenhams (H! by Henry Holland), Size: 10, Price: 100dhs (F) Grey shorts from Debenhams (Iris & Edie), Size: 10 (Euro 38/US 6), Price: 70dhs (U) Captain America shorts from Splash, Size: S, Price: 40dhs (M) Black ¾ shorts from Splash, Size: small, Price: 70dhs (M) White dotted shorts from Splash (Being Human), Size: 30/small, Price: 95dhs (U) Sports costume from Kappa, Size: small, Price: 150dhs PM me if interested/for Q's or Whatsapp 0502243319,
Hey friends, any guy in A5B who could sign me in as an overnight guest at around 9pm? I already have a guest pass for another building but I just need to not get kicked out at 11pm from there.  Help an old guy out pls.,
hey scholars abroad in NY!! Anyone enrolled in 1 or more Stern courses this semester?,[
URGENT] hey y'all I need bananas for my film like right now if anyone has them,
hey hey does anyone in a6 have cinnamon and/or vanilla? alternatively, does anyone have a projector for tonight?,
Hey! Does anyone have experience in startups and/or social enterprises? Alternatively, tips on who I can contact for this?,
hey, so i've managed to lose 2 pairs of sunnies in one week. If anyone has seen some sunglasses laying around please let me know! Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have Gaviscon or any other medicine for heartburn? Thankss,
Hey all! The One Africa music fest is happening in Dxb tomorrow night. We managed to get a student discount (20%) found at: https://dubai.platinumlist.net/event-…/…/one-music-festival… The line up is lit and through a partnership with Sorbonne, we got a bus. We got 3 more spots open on the bus. The bus ride will cost 50AED back and forth. Text me or Yero to book your sit. One love One Africa,
Hey! Anyone has experience with making a class pass/fail and is currently in the library?,
Hey, can someone tell me about the “Intro to Musical Programming” course? Like is it too computer science-y that a non-comp sci major would not be into? Is it difficult, etc etc. And to add on, also pls comment on “Fundamentals of Digital Audio” course. If anyone holds the syllabus of either, pls share with a confused potential music major (me) xD thanks!,
Hey, does anyone have a can opener?,
Hey guys, anyone who's got enrolled in Probability and Statistics (maths) for the spring semester and able to consider this email? Please help me, I really need to save my semester study away, ideally next academic year. save my life and I will love you forever. please please please 🙏🙏🙏,
Hey y'all! There's a bird that's stuck in the handles of a shopping bag and it's now in the bushes by West dining hall stairs (ground floor). Arianna has gone to get a pair of scissors to cut it free from the bag, but if there's anything else you think we should do, let us know!,
Hey guys! The Business & Finance is looking for 2 bright students who want to learn to trade on Bloomberg through FOREX. We are going tomorrow to Sharjah to the American University of Sharjah early in the morning at 9:30 am and are gonna be back by evening. Whoever is interested, comment under this post or pm me!,
Hey! Where can I find a list of courses? Cant find it on Student Portal! Thanks!,
Hey guys, I think this archive may be useful if you didn't already know about it! Cheers.,
Hey everybody!! Vera recently performed in Yas Mall during the Fall Break for the Yasalam 2017 Emerging Talent Competition (Its a big deal. She is basically famous now). Lets show her some purple love and support her now in the voting procedure of the contest. You can vote for her by accessing the following link: https://survey.fbapp.io/yasalam-2017-emerging-talent-compet… All votes count!! If she wins she will perform at the F1 concert!!,
Hey, so I lost one of my earrings somewhere in the arts center today, particularly in/near the black theater and green room beside it. It is the pair to the one in the picture. Please help me find it xD much appreciated. (Might also be near/in 144 and the prop room in the basement),
Hey! Can anyone share thoughts/syllabi for any of the following classes in London: British Politics with Scott Kelly Into to Marketing with Rajesh Bhargave Architecture in London with Alan Powers Management & Organizations with Dorota Bourne Thanks!,(
resolved) hey! does anyone have a large thermos (or maybe something like the picture below) that i could use to put chai in tomorrow? please, i'll give you a cup 😊,
Hey guys! I'll be performing with the Abu Dhabi Choral Group (ADCG) along with Leanne Soriano Talavera, Ian Hoyt, and Yoon Haewon on the 16th and 17th at the Folklore Theatre! Would love to have everyone there!  You can buy a ticket off of me for a cheaper price, or purchase online or at the door when arriving to the theatre. There are three performances: Thursday the 16th at 7:30 PM Friday the 17th at 2:30 PM and 7:30 PM Message me for any questions you have. <3,
Hey, does anyone have a spare phone I could borrow for about a week. My phone broke down, and I just need to do MFA, doesn't have to be a smart phone, literally anything would work.,[
URGENT] Hey guys, does anyone know if there are any official stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who graduate (on time)? Alternatively, are there any annual stats on the percentage of NYUAD students who drop-out?,
tl;dr: volunteers needed Nov. 18th and 24th Hey guys! the Debate Union is hosting its Highschools debate tournament this weekend (18th) and the upcoming week (24th)! David, Sarah, Chris and Nicolaj have been working very hard to make it happen, but we still need some help! If you have some time any of those days, please reach out to me with the times that you'll be free and I'll put you in contact with them! Thanks all!! <3 xoxo,
Hey! Anyone have juggling balls they could lend me by any chance? Size does not matter.,
Hey guys, if anyone knows of post docs at nyuad right now (researchers or research instructors works too) in the sciences and engineering (Maths, CS, Psychology, Engineering, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics) and can give me their names and/or contact details, I really need them! Thanks!,
Hey, is Janice Liu no longer the person responsible for Student Portal posts?,
Hey guys, help me pick the easiest core possible for the next semester. I am choosing between Language of Computers - Sana Odeh Water - Awam Ampka Identity and Object - Fiona Kidd Other suggestions are welcome as well,
Hey, does anyone have an extra ticket for the Aeneid?,
Who leads the Chinese Cultural Club?,
Need some white/ silver fairy lights for an event this evening. PLEASE!,
want to get your PORTRAIT done by an awesome artist (me) AND help out a student in need (me) for his project (it's for a class)?? PM me (or comment here if you're scared of intimacy) a picture of your COOLEST SHOES and get a chance to be part of my awesome DRAWING SERIES! (coolest can also mean worn out and old-looking. also, i don't really care about colors as much as I do about shapes) (for clarification i would draw both YOUR FACE and YOUR SHOES) (it doesnt have any specific meaning/depth i just like drawing both shoes n faces) drawing quality not guaranteed thanks,
Anyone have a coat I could borrow for this weekend? will bring you a present from Athens in return!,
Really long shot but does anyone know where I can get acupuncture needles? It's for an art project. (resolved)Also, does anyone have a Buddha statue that they don't use for religious purposes and don't mind me lending for the same art project...? Will be returned in one piece.,
can I pm anyone who has opinions/thoughts on how or whether nail polish impacts one's wudu? thanks,
Thoughts on Sheetal Majithia (Postcolonial Turn) and Mario Chacon (Comparative Politics)?  The reviews already posted are a bit confusing.  Thank you!,
For anyone who has taken Directing the Non-actor: Singular Drama with Scandar Copti, are the evening monday sessions (6:30 pm-9:30 pm) a regular weekly thing, or do they just happen occasionally?,[
RESOLVED] Might be a bit of a stretch and also pretty minor, but - anyone has a spare pair of rubber earphone plugs like these? I lost one of mine today and buying new headphones bc of this seems silly. Please please!,
Spanish speakers? ( Fluent and/or native),
resolved im an idiot:  hey guys, i managed to lose my phone somewhere in a5b this morning. it has both my id and my room key as well. i'd really appreciate it if i could get it back, considering im officially locked out of my nyu accounts smh. thanks guys!! x,
Hey Guys! Any thoughts on Foundations of 3D with Sandra Peters?,(
Resolved) Does anyone have a male winter jacket or coat I could borrow for few days since I didn't pack for the cold weather in the NYC. Will repay in either goods from the US, meal swipes or hugs :),[
Resolved] Hey guys, I have two free golden circle tickets to Mumford and Sons.  First to comment gets them!,
If you're a Blockchain whiz and interested in building something awesome, I am setting up a dinner at the request of one of Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rashid advisors who wants to look into blockchain applications for the Dubai government. It's informal and the goal of the meeting is to set a for-profit venture with the said advisor to go after government projects.  The dinner is scheduled next week, followed by a meeting with the Dubai Land Department's management for those who are shortlisted from the dinner to explore possible applications. Let me know if you're interested (not looking for theoretical blockchain enthusiasts, looking for people who can develop blockchain based applications),
Required: People with great stories from their grandparents they can share. Next week is the 2nd episode of Things My Grandparents Told Me, and I need your stories! Please reach out with stories about love, war, both or anything at all!,
Hey guys. Is there a current film and new media major that is willing to speak to me about their experience? Please...,
Review on Sound Art; Jonny Farrow?,
Dear upperclassmen economics majors, I am planning to enroll for the principles of Macroeconomics next semester but I came across the following message. Does this mean that I can't take the course until I get to sophomore year? Has anyone done otherwise? I'm confused because given that it's an intro course and I have also done Markets, I should be clear for the course in Spring.,
Has anyone filled out a reimbursement claim form for our health insurance, and paid on the NYUAD citibank prepaid cards and knows what card details to put to get reimbursed? TIA!,
RESOLVED)People who worked/acted in The Aeneid, is it possible to get the music that was playing at the start/before the performance? Thank you,[
RESOLVED] I'm a little lost. The foreign travel form requests the travel start and end date. But my j-term course is in Abu Dhabi with an international trip, and I haven't been informed of when the trip will be happening during the 3 weeks of j-term. What should I be doing in this case?,
Any thoughts on the following courses?  And would love any recommendation for a good science core!!! (harder than ever to find one) 1. Theory on Everything with prof. Hisham Ahmad Sati  2. Uncertainties in Science with prof. Mallory S.E. Roberts  Thanks fam!,
Anyone who transferred from another university to NYUAD (preferably a local university but not necessarily) that would be okay with answering a few questions? 🙂,
Hi, I am looking for arabic speaking students that are interested in law!,
Anyone have a pie tin,
Shoutout to students in engineering and science department who want to show their projects/research to NYUAD donors.  Send me the links of your publications, photos of the competitions you've participated in,  3D models or awards, basically anything that we can use for an exhibition in the Office of Advancement and Philanthropy.  My email is: ek2522@nyu.edu,[
resolved] Has anyone applied/ went through the admission process for the NYU Shanghai campus as well and wouldn't mind sharing their experience?,
Thoughts on Concepts of Film and New Media with Awam Amkpa?,
Could I borrow somebody’s H6 tomorrow (Thursday) for a quick voiceover? Need it by 5PM, will be done in an hour. I promise I won’t ruin it...,
Plz anyone haz needle and black thread plz plz someone,
Does anyone have a fishing license and would be willing to answer some questions for one of my assignments??,
Hey guys! Did anyone have any experience in doing an internship that counts for credit? Preferably in the sciences?,
Is Psychology of Sex and Gender doable for someone who hasn’t taken any psych courses before? Also thoughts on Prof Napier please :),
panadols/painkillers please?,
Hey guys! Does anyone happen to have a belt/scarf in the following colors (orange/yellow)? Also, anyone have any black ballet flats in size 7/8? All will be returned by Nov. 18 :),
Hi I can't find any review on Khulood Kittaneh, how is she for Elementary Arabic I? Thank you :),
Hey!  Does anyone have two squash rackets, that you could borrow me real quick? Thx,
Hey Squash players! Jay Raja from Athletics will try to revive the Squash club this semester and he is scouting for interested people. Most likely it would be weekly sessions with coaching, but it's also a great way to find partners to practice on your own.  If you are interested, leave your NetID in the comments, and we'll try to set up a time that works for everybody!!,
Hey everyone, This is Gregory. On Monday Greg is flying to Georgia from Dubai and because of some complications and the fact that Jaisal Friedman is an asshole Greg has no one to travel with. He's searched for 2 weeks and no one has given this fine young whippersnapper a chance. Who can split a cab to Dubai with him? He's a great guy with a great GPA, he likes Dwayne Wade, tulips,  and does a great impression of Christian Bale doing his taxes.  He's 5'11 but 6'1 on tinder, is the captain of the NYU AD basketball team and can speak English Spanish and a flem of Hebrew. Contact him through Facebook if your interested.,
Hey, does anyone have a spare laundry basket that they'd be willing to sell?,
hey friends! this is for a project: please tag the artsiest people you know on campus below.,
hey does anyone have a photo of the shuttle schedule?,
hey does anyone have a Japanese/international adapter I can borrow for 1 hour?,
Hey guys! I need you to tag all those stylish ladies and gents on campus whose style you would secretly die for and who you would love to hear some fashion tips and tricks from!,
Hey fam! This is a long shot, but does anyone have an audio jack loudspeaker i could use for today? Thanks!,
Hello friends, does anyone have a blue storage box we could borrow for tonight pls?,
Hey, I was wondering if someone could share last year's  sample schedule for Political Science and Philosophy?,
URGENT: I want to go to Sri Lanka for fall break and finish class on Thursday afternoon. My friend I'm traveling with has Sunday classes and can't fly out until Sunday night/Monday. Would anyone who's going to Sri Lanka mind if I tag along for a few days before she arrives? Then she and I can travel safely together as a pair. (I'm afraid to go to a new country as a solo female.) HELP A SISTER OUT!,
hey, does anyone who has converted their home license in the UAE have any idea how much it costs including all fees? also did you have to get your license officially translated? just comment or PM me pls,
Hey! Is anyone going to the airport the night of the 19th? I know cabs are a little pricey so I was wondering if anyone was looking to split the fare. Please pm me if interested!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a definitive answer as to whether the Spring Housing App is due Oct 26 or Nov 17 for NYC Housing? Everyone I've talked to has given conflicting remarks, I am confused 😞,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Anyone seen a pink spiral notebook with a lot of linear algebra notes around? Rectangular, has tabs on it and has a 5 on the cover page. It's my little baby 😭 Will be eternally grateful! Thank you!,
Hey, anyone wants to go for the kayaking trip tomorrow (2-6pm)? It's free I'd love to go but have a lot of work.,
Hey guys! Any passionate , talented people willing to arrange something (a cover most probably) for battle of the bands? I can sing,  play the violin and a tiny bit the guitar. It'll be fuuun!:D,
Hey guys. This is just a friendly reminder to throw away your trash in the appropriate places. Don’t stick used gum anywhere you want to. There’s a garbage bin just a few steps away. Our campus is very clean, let’s all do our part in keeping it that way :),
hey friends!!! xx can anyone lend me a small/medium road bike for a few hrs of stress-relieving biking?? pls will repay with pasta/cake tomorrow!!! :c,
Hey! does anyone have marshmallows? will repay with hot chocolate! (preferably in A5),
Hey I have brand new gold beats that I'm looking to sell. Never took them out of the package -- let me know if you're interested!,
Anybody has experience in inaccessibility/ shortage/ cutdown of electricity at hometown? Looking for having a small talk with you for a research project! Comment or pm me if you are interested. THANKSSSSS✨✨,[
Resolved - for both me and Leonore] Hey hey pink-runners! Did anybody on the second bus back from Zayed Sports City find a purple nyuad bag with my NYU ID and key??  Global wings says a student might have it! Pls PM me ASAP,
Hey! does anybody have an Arabic 201 or 202 textbook I could borrow? Please!,
Hey guys, we are thinking about staying at Tilal Liwa Hotel for a couple of nights with some friends during fall break. Do you know of any driver with a car that could get us there and back to campus for a good price? Any estimates on fare? Thanks in advance!,
Hey, does anyone know who I should contact to get an I20 form from NYU? Or the email address for immigration services on campus? Thanks!,
Hey friends 🙂  I know this is a bit strange but I would like to ask for your help with something.  My boyfriend was nominated for the Sitecore Core Community Award 2018. (Sitecore is a web content manager)  Last year he became the first ever Latin American to win a Sitecore award. This year he is also the only nominee from a Spanish speaking country Latin American country. He is one of the most important community innovators for Sitecore in the region.  It would mean the world to me if you could vote for him 🙂  You can vote for him here: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MMCD2CL His name is Santiago Morla.  Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone! No Lost Generations needs 9 storage boxes (preferably blue ones). If you have one or more that we can borrow, please let me know & one of us will pick it up :),
Hey everyone, Rudy, a professor's cat, has gone missing about 2 days ago. If you see him please call Christina at 056 207 1800.,
hey is anyone going to Egypt for fall break?,
I am doing a research on the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership), and would like to hear opinions from those who came from (or permanent residents of) the member countries.  The list includes Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam.,
Somebody on the first bus back from kayaking today forgot this small towel on the bus! Let me know if it is yours :),
Looking for people who have been to a high-school in the Emirates. Please tag your friends too!,
What's the best way to get around Ethiopia (5 guys) safely, and without getting too ripped off?,
Anyone else get a text like this? I received previous texts telling me to go to some centre, but when I asked the Immigration office they said it should be fine and to just wait until I receive an email that my passport is back... I will ask them again today about what to do, but anyone else in the same situation?,
LOOONG LOOONG LOOONG SHOT But does anyone know where I can buy myself a prosthetic leg? Or know someone who has a used prosthetic that they dont use anymore?  thank you.,
Hey guys.... Anyone know which restaurant delivers pizza on campus?,[
resolved] Does anyone have fake flowers/fake plants I can borrow? pls,
Is there any way I can escape the minor requirement for a math major? Any alternative? none of the possible minors interest me... Also, I would like to double major math/philosophy,
Is anything happening for Mental Health Week on campus? :),
Need a League of Legends player. Please.,
Does the arts center have any painting materials we can borrow? Acrylic, oil, watercolor, or tempera would be great :),
pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina)pls anyone has chocolate [asking for a friend] (josefina),
Hey, so I'm in the process of picking my Colloquium for Spring (it's never too early ok), and I need students' opinions on the following Colloquiums if you have done so before. Would be appreciated so much, thanks. Colloquiums: -"Water" with Awam Amkpa -"Future of Medicine" with Piergiorgio Percipalle -"Disability" with Katherine Williams & Debra Levine -"Inequality" with Jeffrey Jensen  -"Gender" with Masha Kirasirova,
To whom could I file a complaint regarding the work of the immigration team? Maybe someone in charge? Or student gov committee?,
So no Reach ice cream event today?,
HELP. Found an injured dove on the stairs near C2. It can't fly and it's feet are caught on some rubbish that I can't remove. It's in a quiet room now, in a box with some bread soaked in water, which it ate a bit of. Am I doing anything wrong and what I should do next?,
Who's staying here during fall break??,
Hey does anyone have thread and beads for bracelet-making? Chur,
Anybody here who has been camping around the UAE and/or has any camping equipment they'd be willing to lend for a week, tops and/or knows any resources, has any tips for camping equipment, and camping in the UAE?  Thanks!,
Hey! Does anyone have trouble filling out the housing application for Spring 2018? :/ It says I can't access the section,
Yo, I found a pair of green earbuds near the bookstore, are they anyone's?,
Has anyone seen a pair of Apple earbuds with a cord that's wrapped in varying shades of green thread? The headphone jack is painted olive green. TIA <3,
Anyone heading back to campus from ANYWHERE in the United States the first or second week of November?,
Hey guys, When does the last bus leave from Dubai to Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys! Any idea where the bus from Abu Dhabi to Sharjah drops you off?,(
Resolved) Anyone who went to UWC willing to help a close friend with his application? I'd be eternally grateful. Thanks!,[
EATEN] Anyone want cherry tomatoes?  I'm leaving tomorrow and won't eat them by then.,
Anybody has melatonin pills? Por favor!,(
Resolved) I know this has been asked before but people that are going to be in Ghana for J term?,[
Resolved] Would anyone be interested in some almond milk? Purchased and opened today, used for solely one bowl of cereal, so it’s practically full. I don’t want to waste it.,
Does anyone have vanilla extract I could use? Just need a teaspoon. Pls and thank,[
RESOLVED] REQUIRED: Male of Pakistani/Bangladeshi nationality for voice acting. Hey guys! For a final project, we’re working on a project that represents different social realities present in Abu Dhabi.  In order to make the project happen we need a male Pakistani that is willing to be a voice actor. He’ll need to read around a page of text, and it’ll be recorded. Credit will be given during Open Studios (if desired), and we’ll definitely compensate you! Recording will take place tomorrow evening - will not take more than 30 mins. PM me or Sree Rag if you’re interested! Thanks!,
hey guys, anyone have an HDMI to apple thunderbolt converter that i can borrow for like 2 hours?  will be super thankful!,
hello, for the people who applied for the assistant job for the Louvre opening, do you want to share a cab with me to the meeting tomorrow at 6?,
People heading to Europe for fall break, I am selling euros. You can pay me in dirhams or dollars.,
Hey guys does anyone have a spare shoe box they wouldn't mind giving away? I need one that has the unattached lid.,
I REQUIRE YOU ALL TO READ THIS POST hey ladies and non-ladies, PINKTOBER IS HERE!! ❤️🎗️ We invite you to PINK-TASTIC, a collaborative event hosted by your RAs, Health & Wellness and NYUAD Faculty - come learn about the symptoms of breast cancer and how to conduct self examinations. Professor Leigh Graham will give a special talk to share her insights on self-care and women empowerment. AND treat yourself to some Magnolia cupcakes, pink-frosted donuts, strawberries, music and nail-painting while you're at it! 🍭🍥🍩 Date: Sunday, October 15th Time: 6-8 pm Venue: A5A 2nd Floor Lounge Show your support, empower yourself to take action against breast cancer. and celebrate breast cancer survivors with us! WEAR PINK coz ITS PINKTOBER!!! ALL IN, ALL PINK #TougherThanCancer #nyuadheart,
I have 2 extra tickets to this concert at Emirates Palace tonight if anyone is interested.,
Anyone has a baking pan and a measuring cup I can borrow? (Preferably A5) I'll pay you back with chocolate cake!,
Hey guys, if I want to take a class in New York next semester that isn't on the course equivalency chart, but I don't want it to be equivalent to any course in Abu Dhabi, do I still have to submit the Equivalency Proposal Form? Alternatively, does anyone know if the registrar is open tomorrow?,
Is anyone arriving at Abu Dhabi Airport at around 12:45 p.m on Saturday, 28th and willing to share a cab back to NYUAD?,
Should I try to get Indian Rupees here before traveling to India or is it easy to find ATMs at Delhi airport?,
A friend of a friend is missing in Peru -- would anyone know any relevant org/person/group to get in touch with? Thank you! ,
HEY anyone want to buy a ticket for this cool party. It's 70 dirhams online and 90 at the door, but buy it from me for 60. More info below:  https://www.eventbrite.com/e/old-schooled-silent-party-2-x-…,
Hey, my friend in Japan is doing a research on Matcha / Seafood consumption in UAE and Saudi, but she does not have many connections here, so it would be really great if some of us could help her to complete this quick survey. Many thanks!,
Hey y'all! Anyone know where exactly the board room in C2 is? (The Gazelle meeting is happening there today). Thank you!! :D,
Hey. Is anyone going to any mall  anytime today? Please hit me up.,
Hey everyone! Do you have any traveling stories about difficulties due to language barrier? Share with these capstone-ridden seniors! 😅 Jihyun, Shehroze, Tarik, and I are trying to create a mobile app that would help you in your travels, especially where language barriers might pop up. We'd love to hear your stories - about any time when you've encountered difficulties while traveling in a foreign country. Please comment or PM any of us. We'd really appreciate hearing about your experiences 🤗,
Hey! Someone who has a contact at Careem? Thanks!,
Hey guys, are the floor lounges still signed in to Netflix? Pls I just want to watch top gear,
Hey Frands, so all my fav shisha places have closed... any recommendations for good places that have indoor shisha aside from Rawaq? (I don't want to melt).,
Hey guys!  Anyone has any foreign coins (not Dirhams) that they don't mind giving away? As a coin collector, I'd really appreciate it but I also need some for a class entitled 'collecting' as I left my own collection at home 🙏🙈,
Hey! Does anybody want to swap my Fall 1 Rock climbing at 5:30 for Fall 2 at the same time? Thanks!,
hey! I am looking for people who took Computer Science / programming in high school - maybe even middle school or learned programming on their own or as some kind of extracurricular before college and are willing to answer a few questions! :) Thanks!,
Hey! So Maitha Alsuwaidi and I are super interested in starting Archery as SIG. If anyone else is interested please please drop me a message! Thankss,
Hey guys, this is asked before i know, but i didnt find enough restaurants, any good restaurants (authentic or mainstream as long as its good) in Prague? Thanks!,
Hey everyone! I lost my water bottle today-- either somewhere by the palm trees or in the dining hall. Please please help me find it, I've attached a photo Thanks!,
Hey, does anyone know how to make orange juice? I have oranges and a glass.,
Hey! Does anyone have a baking tray I could use today? Will repay in cake❤️,
Hey guys, does anyone know the nyuad guest wifi password? Thanks!,
URGENT: Hey! Does anyone have plastic cling wrap?,
Hey, I'm arriving at AUH at 20:05 on the 3rd. Does anyone want to share a cab? Pm me,
Hey guys. Looking for good tea shops for rooibos/ herbal tea. Any recommendations? ☕,
Hey guys! Need your help in finalising our plan for fall break. I'm travelling with a couple of friends and we've shortlised four places: (In no specific order) 1. Romania 2. Bulgaria 3. Kenya 4. Maldives However, we can't finalize one place. Which one do you recommend? And why?,[
RESOLVED] hey, has anybody in/around A2C got some blutac? will repay with nutella,
hey guys I'm doing a research project about poetry and social media - can y'all think of poets that are insta or tumblf famous?,
Hey, anyone have a big pot, baking tray and pan?,
HEY EVERYONE!!! Shahinaz and I are planning on going to Tanzania/Zanzibar for fall break. We are looking for fun awesome people to come join!! The more the merrier. Please PM me <3  (Also, don't be intimidated- she and I just met, so everyone who decides to come will all be relatively getting to know each other!),
Hey everyone! I can't seem to find this post again, and am wondering if anyone knows where in the arts centre this is taking place?,[
RESOLVED thanks to Danny boy] Hey everyone! I'm trying to buy my tickets for Fall break, but I'm having problems with my card. I don't have a UAE bank account yet, so I was wondering if I can use someone's card to pay for fall break tickets? It was around 2100 AED last time I checked (yesterday). I will pay you back in cash immediately. Thank you!,
RESOLVED THANK YOUU Hey guys.. so I managed to lose my cube the day I got it and i'm super upset and fidgety now so pls pls if u see it (possibly in the dining hall/library) pls send me a message :c   it looks like this!!,
Hey guys, if you know someone who moved to Dubai and looking to rent a room in Marina on a monthly basis, let me know (preferably a female).  Thanks!,
Hey if anyone please would be willing to be friends with Alejandro Mora he has none (spotted alone in the dining hall currently),
Hey Guys! I lost a gold ring today probably in D2 at around 12:30PM. It has a lot of sentimental value as it used to belong to my sister, so I really need to find it. If anyone finds anything that looks like the photo attached, I would be eternally grateful. [Resolved],
Hey Anyone in mathematical functions near a2c that i can take photos of the homework pages from,
Hey guys, where can I pick up my room key if I'm arriving late? (Sorry if it's been asked already cant find an answer),
Hey, is anyone volunteering for WorldSkills this Thursday? Looking for people to share a cab with me to the National Exhibition Center😃,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, anyone have oil I could use for cooking? Convenience store is shut (I think) and like a dumbass I started without getting any oil.,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have a spare notebook(s) by any chance? The medium/small ones are even better :) 💕 I didn't bring any from New York!! 😭,
TL; dr: free trip to Dubai at 2 pm, happy onam ;) ( pm for joining on the trip)  Hey Y'all, to all the Malayalees in here, Happy Onam!  For all of you who don't know what Onam is, it is essentially the Summer Harvest celebration in Kerala, that has its roots in Hindu mythology, but is celebrated by Keralites in its entirety . The most iconic symbol for this festival is the floral arrangement called "pookalam" so if you see these if and when you travel through the city, you know what it is now.  Anyone know of any events related to this festival on/off campus? Talking about travel, I'll be travelling to Dubai at 2 pm to my familia(in lieu of the celebration) so if you need to hop on I got space for 5.,(
Resolved) Hey! I am giving up my spot for bounce tomorrow. PM me if you want to claim it. Thanks,
Hey! Is anyone taking Digital Curation?,
Hey! I've heard of non-credit language classes in the evenings. Where can I get more info on this?,
Does anyone have the syllabus for the colloquium "Crosstalk and Communication: From Bacteria to Humans"?,
Hey, I have some vouchers for Paintball and Go Carting for sale. Original Price: AED 240  I am willing to sell them at AED 120 One Voucher includes: 15 minutes of Go Carting 2 Paintball games Introduction into the game and a safety briefing All rental gear included The thing is they have to be used before September 30th, thats why I can't use them. Julius,
Hey guys,  I would like to give away my beddings provided by the university. This includes: 4 pillowcases, 2 pillows, 2 bedsheets, 2 bedspreads and the duvet.  I also have 2 large, 1 medium and 2 small towels to give away.  If anyone wants them, please comment below... * I might not have the time to give it away today as I'm leaving to Dubai but just posting this in advance. ** Only one more pillowcase left!,
Anyone have anything for fever/sore throat,
Found in A6, mind mattes stand,
What happens if i lost my box? Or otherwise what happens to the the box that wasnt stored? Help please, also if you see my box help as well,
Does the J-Term course Social Chameleons have a lab component (experimental inquiry)?,
Hey, does anyone have extra hangers?,
Required: the opportunity to speak up when I felt unable to do so last night. My friends and I have never experienced something of this sort on campus and I don't want it to start now. To the group of 5/6 guys who cat called me or some crap last night on the highline at around 3am near a5/a6 (loud whistling, "where you going?" "why are you running away from us?" "can we come?": this is a small school and an even smaller community. don't play a part in making it an uncomfortable and an unsafe one. respect each other and your fellow students, this place is home for a lot of us and one should at least feel as safe as possible in their home. you're lucky I didn't see your faces but I'm sure you all know who you are, make better decisions.,
Im not sure if this has been brought up before/ what is currently happening, but the amount of blocked websites are just insane... I'm trying to do some research and websites for alJazeera, Arab Women Organization and much more are blocked.. how can we bring this up?,11 books left! HI! Over the last year, I've given away over 100 books. I have around 30 more to give away. Please check out this link and let me know if you'd be interested in any of them (they're for free):,[
Sold] Selling a Splash Bash ticket!,*****
singing is also fine!!***** Hello everyone!! 😄😄 I'm posting this to search for people who are interested in both taking part in a band and anime songs: including Disney, Studio Ghibli, other Japanese anime songs (it's actually fine as long as you don't hate anime songs lol) XD I myself plays mainly acoustic guitar and some piano and also some other instruments in band such as bass, drum, and electric guitar which makes me be able to arrange songs for band in my style. Anybody who loves to play music and instruments, you are more than welcome to join!! 😝😝 If I gather enough people, I am planning to make this group (bands) as a SIG. The following page is my own facebook page of me playing guitar. Yunho Lee Just to make sure!! It can be any instrument as long as you can play it!! 😉😉  If you are interested please comment below with your net ID and instrument you can play!!8,
Anyone experienced in designing team jerseys? Please help! Thank You <3,
All the mugs have been claimed.,
Um... did the Arts Center actually start charging for their shows?,
Anyone has taken a leave of absence and returned on a j-term?,
Anyone willing to sell 2 tickets for Splash Bash please?,
Anyone who has done an on-campus student assistantship/research assistantship with any professor/department for more than a year?,
Hey everyone! My family found this Persian kitten on the streets, beaten up and dirty. After a visit to the vet and a wash, she's been with us. She is super cuddy and playful, and has a lot of love to share! Unfortunately, she has been diagnosed with Chorona. This is a disease transmitted through saliva and feces to other cats (humans are not affected!) This means she will have to stay away from other cats and animals to ensure others don't get infected. At home, we already have 5 others cats, and so we cannot keep her for long. We want to find for her a new home. Please spread the message and tag people who may be interested or could help. Thank you! Please message me if you have any questions!,
Anyone taking History and The Environment: The Middle East? Thoughts on the course.,
Anyone with a spare ticket for the Maysoon Zayid show tonight? (Resolved),
Hi! So, there are a total of 3 washing machines in A2A, out of which, only one is working properly.  I informed the security office this morning, who passed it onto maintenance. Any idea how long it might take before it gets resolved? Or, if I can report it directly to someone who can sort it out? On a side note, I don't think any of the dryers work properly either...,
Anyone who dropped out of Anthropology of Forced Migration and still has the Chronicle of the Guayaki Indians?,
Soo I'm kinda considering to pursue Philosophy as a major but I'm a bit confused. I'd reaallyy appreciate if any philosophy majors could text me & help me through some of my doubts/questions. Thanks!,
Where can I rent cycles for outdoor workouts ? Whom to talk to ?,
Anyone currently taking Classical Arabic Philosophy with Kukkonen and can answer a few questions about the class?,
Shreya Shreeraman you forgot your ID in Baraha. Pick it up asap.,
resolved!! Hey guys! does anyone have a baking pan for a circular cake? preferably around a5b. theeeeenksssssss will repay in love and cake,
Is there a taekwondo SIG in school? Or any taekwondo people?,
does anyone have any paints/painting supplies i could please borrow for this afternoon?,
My etisalat number just got out of service. The voiceover says I need to update my informations? Has anyone experienced this before? Do I absolutely need to visit their store? I do not have the Emirates ID yet, so does passport help during my visit to the Etisalat Store? Thanks.,
Hey! How do we book the activity rooms behind the baraha? Through Student Portal? If so, how? Any help is much appreciated!!!,
who's in charge of the Culinary SIG?,
Looking for Vanilla Extract, Mixed Spice, and those paper cup thingies that go into a muffin tray. Free muffin in it for you!,
Hello guys, A friend and I have established a non-profit organization which is based in Tanzania. It helps to connect volunteers with host families and places to volunteer in Tanzania. It was sad to learn how much money volunteers have to pay the international volunteering organizations everytime they wanted to come to my country. We also have discounted safaris for students. I will really appreciate if anyone is willing to share with me videos or pictures which you took during your visit to Tanzania, which I will use to promote my website. https://www.summertz.org. I will also appreciate a lot if you have any suggestions about our website or if you see any misleading information. Thanks.,
Hey guys i lost a bag with NYUAD or EuroMilano written on it with this shoes inside. If you find it please contact me Thanksss,
Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?Hey Guys, does anyone know who cut up the gel films that were placed over the lights around campus for various events?,
Recommendations for good hands-free Bluetooth earphones please?,
Hey guys, can someone just quickly translate a part in a German contract for me? EDIT: I would just need you to find a sentence in it and translate it to English.,
Anyone knows if our residency is linked to our names on the UAE government system or to our passport numbers? (I renewed my passport while away from AD and I'm not traveling with my old passport that has residency physically printed on it because I thought it residency expires when away, but given new rules I should enter with it now?!) any thoughts what may happen?,
Hey guys, do you know when the salon (on campus) provides discounts?,
Anyone in Prejudice who can share the syllabus with me? Thank you!,
Any RA that I can text now ?,
Hey. Has anyone ever taken Multivariable Calculus at NYU Shanghai?,
Hey guys, can someone please help me by downloading this paper for me (http://www.cell.com/neuron/fulltext/S0896-6273(17)30694-3…) and sending it to my email (ji520@nyu.edu)? My current university's library, for some reason, doesn't give me access to Cell/Neuron publications haha.  (sidenote from an alumni: appreciate all the perks of NYUAD that you don't even realise you have - like free access to most, if not all, online journals :DDD).,
Hey guys!  Anyone forgot a Geoffrey Beene medium size sweater last year in A2A 505?,
Hey guys, I'm looking for recommendations on a chiropractor in AD? My eternal back pain thanks you in advance 🙃,
Hey NYUAD Community! As y'all are getting back into town, we at Blacksmith wanted to invite you to join us in making our campus more sustainable. You can now bring your own to-go cup to Blacksmith and get it filled with our batch brewed coffee for only AED 10. That includes those huge, American, 20oz monster mugs. We hope to see you soon.,
Hey guys! I just wanted to know when can we get our books from the book store?,
Hey everyone, what should I do if my nyuad card is expiring this month?,
Hey everyone! So an egyptian friend of mine is planning a solo trip to the balkans (he mostly wants to do Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro but up for others). Any suggestions on things to do or cities/towns to visit? What would be the best plan/track to follow? Thanks.,
Hey Guys, I want to gauge interest for a SIG for cryptocurrency (bitcoin, ethereum, etc) and blockchain study. This is a rapidly developing field with lots of rooms for growth and overnight millionaire life. Please comment below your netID if you're interested.,
Hey guyyys! Incoming freshmen willing to salsa or/and bachata her way through the first semester:D are there any latino dance classes there? Haven't seen any on albert. Thanks a lot!!♥,
Hey there! Does anyone have any really high quality iconic pictures of Abu Dhabi or NYUAD they wouldn't mind sharing with me? (They would be used as reference images for a potential art work) thanks!,
Hey Everyone.  Salon holds bi-weekly (Sunday at 9:00PM) gatherings with a different theme every time, including; equality of man an woman, racism, love, Infinity and many more in order  to create an opportunity to unite in a tranquil environment and reflect on inspiring themes and the common threads that tie us all together.  The goal is to provide a medium for group devotion, prayer and meditation; where people, regardless of their background, can come together to discuss how to develop ourselves, our communities and the world. (You do not have to go to every single gatherings you can attend the gatherings based on the topic of discussion) If you would like to join please write your email in the comments and feel free to follow us on instagram @salonnyuad,
Hey people :) Who here uses KOREAN skincare products - especially (but not exclusively) if you're not Asian? Could you answer a few basic questions on your experience?,
Hey,
guys!!:D Any people from Abu Dhabi who have attended an international highschool there? I met a mom who wants to send her girls there. Could you send me the website link/fb page? Thanks a lot!:D,
Hey guys, there is an orientation for new faculty tomorrow and couple of students will be speaking about experiences in and out of the classroom. Is there anything you wish faculty knew about our experience? What do faculty seem to miss or misunderstand?,
resolved:  Hey y'all. Not sure if anyone would have this, but does anyone know the library timings for this part of the summer?,
Hey :) Sorry if this has been asked before but what's the process to take a class Pass/Fail? Do I just email the registrar or?,
Hey guys, anyone know how should I go about authorising a friend to take my boxes out of storage?,
Hey guys! Has anyone seen a black & white purse at the Red Theatre today?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course contextual travel (FYWS) I have been enrolled on outsider but unlucky it is clashed with MVC , I need to change the FYWS  can someone give me a brief review about this course  thanks,
Hey! Do we have access to any form of online servers that we can run applications on? Something like Amazon EC2. Thank you!,
Hey guys! Incoming freshman here: Is there any SIG/Meeting/event at NYUAD where we get to (informally) talk about cultural similarities/differences; exploration of student cultures/spritulal pathways and that kind of thing? Something run by the Student Life office perhaps?,
Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?Hey guys! Has anybody got a samsung sim card eject tool?,
Hey guys. Incoming freshman here. I'm looking for reviews on the course Circuit Breakers by Jonathan Farrow. (I searched already but didn't find much).,
Hello :) incoming freshman here. Thoughts on: Indigeneity (Mark Swislocki) Dignity and Indignity (Mahnaz Yousefzadeh),
Anyone currently in New York or who will be in New York by Tuesday and wants Kaplan GRE study books?,
Hey, so would it be best to exchange dollars for dirhams at Chicago Airport, Abu Dhabi airport, or Yas Mall??,
Did anyone take the FYWS: The Art and Aesthetics of International Aid with Samuel M Anderson? It was new last spring if I am not mistaken? Reading the course description, I don`t really know what this will be about. Or does anyone have experience with Prof. Anderson at least? How is he as a person and as a teacher in terms of workload, presentation of the material, grading?,
I need to talk to Engineering majors who have used their major to attempt to solve some social/environmental problems locally or otherwise, or are currently doing so. Plz comment or inbox me :) thank you!,[
PAID] Looking for someone experienced with making posters (Film/Movie specifically) MSG ME,
Hello! Does anybody have any opinions on Jonny Farrow? Is he a good professor etc..  Thank you in advance! <3,
I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and it recently has been consistently overheating and restarting... This happens about every 10 minutes. Has anyone else had this problem/know how to fix it?,(
Another one, sorry) Recs on (Montevideo) Uruguay? I have a friend who has just arrived there for study abroad and would love recs on anything from places to eat to where to hang etc etc. Also anyone there that I could connect her with? I would be very grateful :),
longshot but does anyone want to buy a roundtrip flight ticket from Dubai to Sofia from August 23-30 for $150?,
Who do I contact if my Citibank credit card has expired? (I'm guessing there's a host of us who have this problem?),
Hey all! This article was in the paper today concerning Pakistani kids in Dubai that can't pay for their school. I'm in touch with the reporter and she's looking to increase publicity on this issue to obtain more community support. If there is interest from NYUAD students to support this cause, she's looking to write an article to create more awareness and she'll help us figure out more ways to help the students and their families. If you'd like to contribute your support (through social media or donating time or money), please comment your netID below. Thank you!,
Hey guys, can anyone that's been soft blocked by NYU Careernet offer me some insight? Very confused as to what exactly this means aside from not being able to find jobs through Cateernet (also since I can't make an appointment with them I can't ask them myself lolzies). Any help is appreciated!,
Hey seniors! Are you done with finals? Congrats on finishing your undergrad 🎉 Come pick up your commencement attire and ma'a salama tickets in the West Forum! We're here till 5pm today. Yalla!,
Hey y'all!  Blacksmith will be open tomorrow from 8am to 3pm. Unfortunately, no take away coffees. 😒 But our "for here" cups are gorgeous so its okay!,
Hey peoplee! Anyone knows of someone who needs a babysitter during the summer in NY?? Pleasee help me out :D  Thanks fam!!,
Hey I have a request for anyone who is in or near Dubai right now (or going to be there in the next 36 hours). I have a friend that goes to U Chicago and they have a competition called Scav (it's a giant scavenger hunt) and they need a picture of someone in front of the Burj al-Arab holding a sign saying "BJ Scav 2k17, #RealBigFish" if anyone is nearby and has the chance to do this for me I would be so so grateful!,
Hey! I'm looking for an apartment in London and Paris for the summer. Any suggestions? Anyone I could reach out to for some advice/ help? Thanks!🌞,[
Resolved!]Would anybody be willing to help with a play(two-scenes) reading this coming Wednesday? Looking for someone who can read and speak Hindi, I'd be super grateful if you could help out. Please please please, thank you! :),
Hey guys, I need two voice actors for a class project,, :( would really appreciate it, I need 2 males, one to act as a crazy antagonist (think something like the joker) and someone to voice the lines for a victim character. I'll like give you a hug and send you dank memes :( we can record during the weekend and it won't take long, the lines aren't much. Pls ppl <3 ;-;,
Hey guys! Anyone has anymore commencement tickets? I really need two more.,
Hi! Does anyone know where we get the box to pack down our stuff for the summer? Where do we pick it up and where do we leave it? 🙂,
Hey! Is here someone who took the study away in Florence and had Elementary Italian (and still has the book)?,
Hey if anyone has PDFs of these textbooks (FoS 3&4) I would be super grateful if you could share them with me!,
Hey, does anyone have extra tickets for graduation? I'd be really grateful!,
Hey, anyone that's Lebanese or knows someone who is thats majoring or mastering in economics, business or anything that has to with finance please dm me.,
hey, long shot but does anyone know where I can:  1) leave two boxes and take them back next week when I'm back for summer school.  2) leave two boxes in an accessible place where someone who's not from the university can come and take them tomorrow.  (Given that I don't have any storage lockers or boxes. ),(
resolved) Hey guys, at around 10:20am today I put my bed linens in dryer 3, in the A2B laundry room. If someone took them out please tell me where you left them, bed linens all look the same :/,
Hey is anyone free 2pm on Sunday to help me set up for an exhibition in A6?,[
Resolved] Hey, anyone know what happens when our Citibank cards expire?  Are we getting sent new ones or do I have to start using the NBAD account? Also, I've got dirhams for your US dollars if anyone wants to exchange,
Hey guys, Sheba and Ben are working on their capstone (opening tomorrow!!) and they need some statues of deities from different religions. If you are willing to lend some statues, please let me know ASAP! Thanks! :),
Anyone have a spare storage box? I forgot the mailroom isn't open on Fridays...,
hi! when do dining dirhams and swipes expire?,
Any thoughts, or anyone willing to brief me on the syllabus/work for Thinking Theater with Edward Ziter? :),
Hey is anyone aware of whether we have vr controllers as well as headsets? Artem?,
To the people who have taken the LSATs and those who are currently preparing for it, how does one go about preparing for it? Also, is there anyone who could lend/give/ direct me to a place where I could possibly get LSAT reviewers?  Thank you in advance! :D,
Best place to buy condoms in AD?,
Hi rising sophomores! Since my sister Ilona has been offering my essay reading services, I figured I would post here. If you still are looking for someone to give you feedback on your study abroad essay, share it with me on Drive (or, well, whatever you use) at ms8390@nyu.edu  I'd be super happy to help!,
Anyone getting rid of Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi?,
Aside from the many water dispensers that exist in the dining hall and C2, were any water dispensers/fountains installed on residential floors following the discontinuation of 500 ml water bottles?,
Are there shuttles for summer arrivals? If not, does anyone want to share a cab from the Abu Dhabi airport (T1) back to campus? Arriving at 10:30 am on May 27.,
What are the study away essays supposed to be like? Are they more formal like a personal statement, or can we stylize them like we would a Common App college essay? If anyone has an example of their past essays I'd be so grateful, I'm pretty stuck on what to write for mine.,
Hey, I just wanted to know is it possible to withdraw from a class now? I was taking a 2 credit music class to boost my GPA but I think it's going to lower it given how musically talented I am.,
pls can someone lend me their sultry voice for a film about stem cells (preferably female),
Did anyone take 35mm filmmaking in Prague who wouldn't mind answering a few questions?,
REALLY long shot - does anyone want the Gov. & Religion books (2 extremely fat binders full of first amendment cases)? Feeling terrible throwing so much paper away 😐,
Guuuuys, does anyone know if upperclassmen get large cardboard storage boxes? :D,
Hey guys, Can anyone who's taken: - Stats for Social Sciences - Intro to Political Thinking - Legal Systems & Methods lend me their books for the summer? Thank you!,
Hey guys, for those staying for the startAD bootcamp, do we get meal swipes and/or dining dirhams?,
Anyone staying in AD for the summer and who's still on campus: im giving away a guitar.  I would have loved to find a way to keep it, but im away and couldnt. PM me ASAP pls if you are willing to pick it up.,(
Resolved) Need one actor to reshoot a part of a short film, need someone who can pass for a Pakistani adult. Will take a max of 15 minutes -- will be paid 50aed,
Hey guys, I cant find my skateboard. Any help would be appreciated. I last left it on the shrubberies near the garage exit.  It is a black penny board with green wheels.  Cheers!,
Is it possible for courses to double count for both IM minor and a technology core? Any suggestions about taking IM courses in Shanghai?,
Hey guys! Does anybody have olive oil? (Will repay with a piece of Moldovan Placinta) Thanks!,
Hey guys. I have 38k miles on my American Airlines account that are expiring in August. Any ideas/suggestions on the best way to preserve them? Are they worth saving for?  P.S.: if anyone is buying a ticket for travel within the US, I'm willing to buy it for you with my mileage at a much lower price than the face value. Thanks.,
Hey, guys! Any thoughts on Art of Narrative Science with Charles Siebert? 😇,
Hi, tragically uninformed person here. Has anyone who has ever made a Bursar e-check payment with their Citi card tell me what the routing number is, or kindly allow me to PM you?,
anyone know of someone with a place to rent or who is looking for a roommate in new york? my dates are sept '17 to may-ish '18.,
Anyone planning on going to the U.S. Embassy this Thursday (May 4th) morning or Sunday (May 7th) morning?,
What do we do with books that we do not want to keep? Is there a place on campus to donate them?,
Hey friends, I've lost a pair of black metal Rayban sunglasses. Clubmaster style, small crack in the lens. They've been missing for a while and aren't at public safety. Please PM me if you've found them! TIA :) :),
Hey everyone! Milica, Matilda, Shereena, Ruta, and I are doing a project about Academic Stress at NYUAD, and we would greatly appreciate if you filled out this quick survey on your experiences with academic stress: ,
Hey, does anyone have a bucket or a plastic bowl that I could borrow for 15 mins?,
Hey girls, please please avoid being my roommate at A5B room 311, you'll thank me xoxo,
Hey! Thoughts on Zeynep Ozgen? I'm thinking of taking Ethnographic Field Research next sem. Any help is much appreciated.,
Hey guys! Anyone who has been to Kathmandu before, would you be willing to give me some advice? I'm thinking about heading there between the end of the spring semester and the beginning of summer courses, but I'm struggling to put a plan together. Thank you! :),
Hey, I'm selling one ticket to Russ tonight. PM if interested :),
Hey people! Is there somebody who studied away their whole junior year at two different NYU sites and would be able to answer a couple of questions? Thank you so much!!,
Hey everyone,  If you're interested in competing in a livestreamed League of Legends tournament with prizes comment your net IDs. There are limited spots. It'll be here on campus at the end of April, hosted by MSI and Paused.,
Hey, I'm waiting for the CDC to get back to me about funding but I kinda need to know... Is there someone interning in Dubai over the summer that is still looking for a flatmate? Or in the same situation (if you get funding you will live in DXB)?,
Urgent -  Hey guys! Does anyone know how long it takes to renew your student visa once expired? And if there is any way to speed up the process? Thank you!,
HEY PEOPLE! Apparently, there is a possibility to request an Accounting course in London! (It's not offered) So then we can take FFM and Accounting together in London!  Who's interested? I'm going to speak with Chuck Grim if there are at least 5 people interested! Comment your netID bellow!,
Hi people! Anyone interning in Abu Dhabi close to Media City (twofour54) from mid June till the end of the summer?,
To everyone that has taken ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 1 and/or ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 2 (sophs, juniors, seniors!): In conversation with professor Ali, myself and several other students in Orgo Chem 1 are writing a proposal to Dean Schiccitano to make Orgo Chem 1 and 2 5-credit courses (3+2 = lecture+lab), which is more appropriate to the large workload that the lecture and lab entail. If you agree with this and would like your signature on this proposal, please comment with your Net ID below and I will send you the drafted proposal to sign it.,
Hey all! Latino Night is coming up and we're looking for volunteers to take pictures throughout the night. It would be Thursday, April 27 from 6 to 10 pm. I'd be so thankful, Hmu if you're interested! ♡,
Hey, does anyone know an optics in the city, where I can fix broken glasses?,
Hey, everyone! I need to take 1 Elective: from another Art major (e.g. MDMED, MUSIC, THEAT, VISAR) to fulfill my major requirements, do you have any classes that you would recommend?,
If you're a freshman taking data structures/algorithms this semester this is a message for you!!! As you may know, the CS department is basically forcing our study away to be on Junior fall, and at the moment, the operating systems class is only offered on the fall semesters. OS is a prerequisite to other classes including networks (required) and electives (computer security and I think databases, and you must take at least one CS elective in AD). This means that as of now, you would have to waste one of your classes in New York by taking OS, or be unable to take some of the electives if you opt to take it Senior fall. I talked to Godfried today and put this on his radar, and he agrees it is a waste, so if enough people are willing to take the class Sophomore Spring the CS department will consider offering the class. (By the way, you will be fresh with CSO concepts that are used for the class!) If you are interested, please comment/PM so this can move forward!,
Hello friends! (Heads up: Not a post about Latino Night) Where can I take out my lovely mama to lunch? Description of what I'm looking for: 1) Good Ethnic food (Doesn't matter where from, but Non-Latino) 2) A place with a nice view (Ideally, not a necessity),
Hey guys, does anyone know how to create infographics? I need a person or a place that is willing to transform a document into a work of creative and informative infographics.  It's for pay btw! Thank you!,
Hey guys, does anyone know where I can view my current financial aid package? Need to fill in the exact amount on the CSS Profile. Thanks.,
Hey, I was wondering if anyone had the required books for Foundations of Mathematics or Real Analysis so that I can borrow them over the summer?,
Hey guys! I missed the housing app deadline but I was hoping to room with Hazem so I would appreciate it if no one took room A6A 502D. Thanks!,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys, has anyone tried to change rooms on the housing app and wasn't able to? (didn't get the room change button) If so, does anyone know how to fix it?,
Hey, does anyone in A6B have a vacuum I could use?,
Anyone with experience of getting housing without applying for research funding in Abu Dhabi? I missed the deadline.,
Hey, Anyone got their Summer Research Funding decision?,
Hey guys, what places deliver good cakes to campus? Thank you!,
Hey guys! Did we receive the financial aid application/ CSS profile for this year yet? (Doesn't it come around first week of April?),
Does anyone have Otrivin?,
Hey guys! There's a project I am working on and I would really appreciate it if you could comment your "foolish" dream (can be a childhood dream too) Thank you xoxo,
hey!! Can anybody help move something in the arts center?,
RAs 2017-18 please comment below) Thanks,
Hey guys, does anyone know to whom to report to regarding bullying in the university?,
Students taking/enrolled in Cognition in the Fall and wouldn't mind changing the timings?,
Hey, what is the situation with accommodation between Spring and Summer semester?,
Could anyone please send me the syllabus for the Forensic Science core? My net id is nab451, thank you!,
Could the cost of changing a flight ticket (3 weeks earlier) be equivalent to the cost of the actual flight ticket? Nirvana surprised me 😂😂😂 Any experience? at least slightly close?,
Has anyone seen a grey NYU SnapBack (cap) last known location D1🙏🏽,
Classes with a whole load of class participation but chill written workload?,
URGENT  Doesn't anyone have any clothes or accessories with anti NYU or Anti NY logos on them.  What I mean by this are clothes like a Boston Red Sox hats, jerseys, Celtics stuff, UCLA shirts GEORGETOWN, Berkeley apparel. Things that signify rival schools or sports teams to anything related to NYK.  Anything that would piss off a NewYorker would be highly appreciated.,
Who to talk to for student disciplinary actions,[
RESOLVED: Thank you so so so much Lama! I knew I could count on this school ♥] LOST: this beloved water bottle that I even took a picture of because I figured I would lose it at some point :( last seen in D2 / living room / A2B lounge and I've checked all those places but maybe you people are more observant than me? Please please please if you see it let me know I will be eternally grateful and shower you in love and dining dirhams <3 P.S. it also has a "fight like a girl" sticker on it not pictured here,
Hi, did this mess up anyone else's schedule?,
I'm doing research at a climate modeling lab at NYUAD. The lab would like to work with students interested in climate and environmental science. We're mainly trying to create interest among students and there aren't particular objectives set beforehand so the research will be flexible. The work may involve exploring data on a particular climate change phenomenon, for instance. And if the student wants to explore their own climate change problem (understanding glacier melting in antarctica or exploring the El-Nino etc), they can work on that topic with a lot of autonomy. There will most likely be statistics and data analysis in the work. But someone with basic programming experience (file handling etc) and a good background in science and math can fit the role. This may start as a summer internship and the student may end up continuing work with the lab for capstone and beyond. Climate studies is a scientifically rich subject and what these models can do is pretty crazy. I'd think many students will like this. Please let me know if you're interested.,
Does anybody know who to contact for 3D printing in the Arts Center? Thanks!,
Hey, Guys! Any thoughts on Utopias and Dystopias (the core class)?,
Hey guys does anyone know if there are any consequences and what they are if I withdraw from a summer course after signing the confirmation of funding form?,
Hey guys! So I wanna take some art courses next semester and I was wondering how heavy is the work load for Foundations of Art History I and Foundations of Photography and Lens Based Media! (I'll be doing FOS 3 and 4 as well) Thanks in advance!!! :),
anyone got 2 tickets to barakah meets barakah on sun? pls pls pls,
Wondering if there's someone in particular I can talk to to ask a question about the Al Khayr awards? Not sure who the point of contact is exactly. Thanks!,
I can't check my balance on my Citibank card and I just keep getting this message, "The system is currently unavailable. Please retry later." Has this happened to other people before?,
One free ticket to watch Fast and the Furious 8 (Comment net ID) :),
Required: Information about the painted stairs/walls in Amman. More info: I am writing an essay about street art in major cities and I was wondering if anyone knows any detailed information around when this movement began, who started it? etc etc I have found some information but can't seem to find many detailed news articles etc. Any help would be much appreciated! http://www.jordantimes.com/…/volunteers-use-graffiti-add-co… http://www.jordantimes.com/…/youth-initiative-uses-public-a…,
Anyone who's taken a beginner oud course in the past? Please comment, I'd like to PM you with a few quick questions.,
Hey guys!! I deleted an important folder, also deleted it in the trash :( How do I retrieve it again???,
Hey, anybody who knows how to unsubscribe from WolframAlpha Pro? Their information pages are useless and the website's designed to prevent you from unsubscribing. Any help is appreciated.,
A file tray? something resembling this? need for just like an hour or so.,
Reading GLASSES FOUND (black frame) in the Library Study Room 404! Library closes at 8pm today so hurry up if you want to get them from the front desk. Otherwise they will be given to Public Safety (and I am not sure if you will be able to get them before Sunday).,
Hey everyone :) I know there has been a lot of talk over what D1 will be used for. I would really appreciate it if you guys could take this short survey over D1 I am doing for a class. We would like to know what the student body wants D1 to be used for.  Thanks in advance! ,[
Note: please be logged into your nyu account before accessing this folder!] Hey everyone, the Mock Wedding pictures can be found here:,
HEY YOU! Are you interested in consulting, wealth funds, entrepreneurship or even cyber security?   Then, we are requesting your presence on Thursday, 20th of April, 6 P.M. at the CDC!,
Anyone has Emirates miles that you're never gonna use and willing to sell to me? Thank youuuu,
Hey! Anyone staying over the break and might want to adopt my fish Waffles for a week? He's super easy and just likes affection.,
Hey guys, looking for book recommendations in philosophy, physics, math and computer science. Or anything else you think I might like really... Not a looking for a text book but maybe a bit more nuanced than my primary school readings.  If I can understand it, great. If it gives me existential crises, amazing!  If I can spew out the random facts I learn to mascuerade  as a learned person, brilliant! If I can listen to it, spectacular!,
Hey, Probably a long shot but, A couple of friends (3 girls and myself) are planning on going to Egypt for spring break. Anyone (preferably guys) willing to join us? We're currently planning our itinerary in A6C. Message me if you're interested :'(.,[
RESOLVED] Hey, anyone heading to the airport tonight around midnight and want to share a cab? :),
Hey everyone! I'm from the class of 2014 and am now in law school in DC. I will re-post this closer to the end of your school year, but if you are interning or visiting DC this summer I'm renting out my studio apartment. Let me know if you are interested in details!,
Hey guys, so for one of my classes I need to conduct a mock counseling interview using a "mock client". This has to be somewhat of a relative stranger to me, so essentially a friend of a friend works.  I was wondering if anyone knew someone in New York who would be willing to take part in this 30 minute conversation or at least ask around for someone who would be willing to do so. If you know of anyone interested could you please PM me and I could give some more information. Thanks in advance.,
Hey friends -- anyone willing to exchange dirhams for dollars?,[
RESOLVED] Hey guys! Does anyone have a cupcake/muffin tray I could borrow for the night (preferably in A2A :)) Will be rewarded with cupcakes!,
Hey guys! Does someone have a tent that they would be willing to lend to me from tomorrow ( March 13th) to March 20th? I promise to take good care of it!,
Hey. Does anyone have a magnifying glass that i can borrow till wednesday next week? Thank u,
Hey. I have a friend from the University of Cambridge trying to get in contact with Tisch students (as many as possible). Preferably someone that studied anything comedy related. If you are an NYUAD student that has taken classes at Tisch feel free to hit me up!  Thanks!,
Hey guys!I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :) Please help!!,
Hey guys, does anyone have a contact (staff/faculty/professional in the city) who'd be willing to join a panel discussion on women empowerment in times of crisis (on April 16th)? Or anyone well-versed in this area whom I can get in touch with?  (PM for details),
Anyone has friends/relatives who work in the advertising industry? Best, if in the region. lNeed some industry expertise. Thanks a million!!!,
Hey. Anyone who speaks Urdu? I really need some help for a project.,
Hey Gamers, anyone knows where I can buy a Razer Blade (14" or 13") laptop in the UAE? Can't find it on Souq.com,
Anyone who has experience finding housing in Zanzibar or has knowledge on housing in Zanzibar?,
Hey! Anybody have the syllabus for "Introduction to Accounting" (preferably the summer one). Thank you!,(
resolved) Are the online video classes for GRE (Manhattan Prep) useful? Or are the self-study books enough? Thanks!,
Do we have a print allowance?,(
resolved!) hey guys does anyone have spare anti-malaria pills they don't need anymore and wouldn't mind giving away? :),
last minute question re: summer internship funding, is it okay if the offer is made via email? or do i have to ask my boss to draft a proper letter,(
resolved) does anyone have butter milk or vanilla extract? pls pls will repay with brownies and cupcakes,
Hey guys, Is the Chief Economist of Brunei really gonna be on campus today? When??,
There is a cat in front of D2 that is limping and its face is scratched (and is also continuously sneezing and retching). Anybody knows how to help or call a vet?,[
RESOLVED] Does anybody have extra index cards I could have? :) :) I would greatly appreciate it!,
Happy Int'l Women's Day!! Looking for female volunteers who are willing to be photographed (and willing to tell me a little secret) .. diversity is what I'm looking for ...details will be revealed personally,
panadol preferably around a2c pls,
Are there any graduates that went to NYU law school afterwards?,
Hey guys! Anyone know how to enter the billing address for our citi cards to pay for things that require a zip code? I'm trying to donate to Tamy's gofundme page but I can't! PS, donate here! ,
I'm thinking of potentially videoconferencing with the former Executive Director of the Bitcoin Foundation, the industry's oldest trade organization. We could discuss and speculate together the future of the digital currency (or digital currencies in general). Please comment your netID here if you are interested in the event, which would happen after the spring break, probably mid-April. Thanks!,
Places to stay in Amman? Looking for the best quality to price ratio! Thanks!,
Hey guyzz, I have dollars want to exchange for dirhams :),
Hey guys I am trying to break down 100&200 dirham bills into 50 or smaller.  Anyone looking to get rid their small bills? Thank you,
Virtual Reality is so 2016, be up with the times and learn Augmented Reality! There is a cool SUMMER course being offered (ENGR-AD 120 Human + Machine: Applications in Mediated Reality) Further details: Designing Genius: Summer Course in Abu Dhabi in Partnership with Etihad Airways (4 credits) Enrollment is open for Professor's Christian Grewell and Eliot Gattegno's course this summer in Abu Dhabi. We feel this will be a fantastic opportunity for students from all disciplines, but especially those interested in the intersection of interactive media and business. The Details: Combine theory and practice, with practice on site at a major business organization, Abu Dhabi-based, which is at the forefront of many technical, organizational, culture-spanning challenges and opportunities. The course runs Summer Session, May 28 - June 22 in Abu Dhabi A rare opportunity to work directly with executives across all functions at one of the world's biggest airlines. The professors, Christian and Eliot, have designed the course teach and combine skills and expertise across disciplines, including the Humanities, IM and Computer Science. Here's the Course Description (ENGR-AD 120): In this course, students will tackle Etihad Cargo’s real-world business challenges through the lens of human-centered design while learning fundamental building blocks of computer vision, augmented reality and sensor technology. This course sits at the forefront of the state-of-the-art in technology and design to challenge students to be creative in both their application of technology and their design of solutions with a real-world impact. Students will work directly with the course partner, Etihad Airways, one of the world’s leading airlines, to design, develop and test technology-enhanced solutions to real-world business challenges. Students will come away with a much better understanding of not just how to create interactive technology-enhanced prototypes and modern design practices, but also an appreciation for how to propose, enact and manage change across a multi-disciplinary/cultural modern organization. PLEASE NOTE WHEN REGISTERING:  Registration for summer courses is not through Albert. Rather you'll need to submit an application through a form available on the NYUAD Student Portal  The deadline was Wednesday but we have extended it until the end of the week. If you have questions about the course, feel free to email christian@nyu.edu.,
Tips on how to stay up for 3 days (with like 2 hrs of sleep max). Is it doable? lol,
Hey guys, anyone knows how to apply our 10% Lufthansa discount?,
Has anyone taken Corporate Finance in Stern?,
Planning a trip to Georgia, is it true that an Emirates ID is enough to get visa on arrival (group with American and Sri Lankan passports)? Also do people have any recommendations for places to go in Tbilisi? Thank you so much!!!!!,
Hey guys, who can lend me a sandwich bag ? need it for traveling,
Hey,  I'm travelling to Prague for the Spring Break, and wanted to plan day trips in and around the Czech Republic, as well as neighboring cities (thinking Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, Wroclaw, Bratislava at the moment) Anyone who has done this kind of trip, or is from these places, and can advise me on how to go about it? Also suggestions on what to do/see in Prague :) Thanks!,
Hey! Just wanted to know whether we have a Golf SIG at NYUAD? Or of anyone knows in P.E. Golf is still being offered and what levels? Thanks!,
Hey all,  The Office of First Year Experience is looking for some parents (of NYUAD students) who live nearby and would be willing to come over to campus to take part in a Marhaba-related promotional video with their children. All they have to do is ask a series of questions (e.g. what will my child be eating or where will he/she be living etc), which will be provided to them. The student in question will be in the video as well.  This will take approx. 2 hours, plus a lunch for all the participants! If you/your parents are interested in this, please leave your netID below asap and I'll email you with further details!,
Hey, How do I get a trolley? (resolved),
Hey guys, my brother will be starting IB next year and he wanted some advice regarding how to pick his classes and so on. If any of you could help him out, I'd greatly appreciate that! Thank you,
Hey! Who do you talk to when you want to do an individualised study?,
Hey! After switching my regular detergent (which I got in the stores outside of campus) to the sensitive white colored one they sell on campus, my clothes' colors bled all over, even though none of them are new/ have not been washed before. Anyone else has had the same problem with that detergent? Is the blue gel one better?,(
Resolved!) Hey guys, have you seen this grey snapback around? The last time I saw it was Saturday. I don't have a photo of the front, but it has a black square. It looks like the one in the photo. I really want it back, so if you find it around, let me know!,
Hey guys! Does anyone have a contact at The Emirates Center for Strategic Studies and Research (ECSSR)? If so, please PM me, I'd really appreciate it!,
Hey, guys! Does anyone know who's in charge of the Sound and Music Computing minor? (pls tell me it's not Godfried lol),
Hey guys, I'm scared I lost my phone.. anyone has seen a Samsung S5 in a bright red case, the front sticker reads loud and clear 'SAD ASIAN GIRLS CLUB'? In/around the Library - walk to Highline to A6. Hard to miss. Plspls,
Hey everyone! Any tennis lovers out there that would like 2 tickets to today's matches at Dubai Duty Free Tennis? Or know anyone that would like them? World No. 1 Andy Murray and Tomas Berdych will be playing today! As well as many others ☺️ 100 dhs each,
Hey guys, Anyone with USD$10.00...urgently needed l will exchange with AED40.00. Thank you in advance.,[
STUDENT GOVT POST] A huge thank you to everyone who was able to make it to the General Assembly last night! Based on the discussion we had yesterday about the End of Year Event (which will take place on April 20th), we have narrowed down the ideas to three: 1. Gala/Dance: You know how it goes. Dress to impress and dance the night away! And if you're not into dancing, don't worry - we'll have LOTS of food and dessert to keep you occupied for the night! 2. Lounge party: Be prepared for a chill night - look nice, but fancy dresses, heels, and tuxes are NOT necessary. Sip on some mocktails and eat appetizers and other finger foods as you lounge around (possibly a pool). 3. Lounge/Gala combination: Dress for a gala or dress to lounge - it's all up to you! Dance to some good music, lounge around, both, or neither (and just go straight for the food). Give us your feedback on what you want by reacting to this post! For option #1, react with "love" <3 For option #2, react with "haha"  and for option #3, react with "wow" :O **Please react by THURSDAY MIDNIGHT (by Feb 16, 2017 at 11:59 pm)** Also leave any comments or suggestions you may have in the comments section below, and/or email me at ao1402@nyu.edu. Looking forward to an amazing end of year event! ****Edit: there has been an update in option #2.,
Hey guys :)  This is a super random question but does anyone know any team building games or activities that could be done at a big staff meeting?  There are many online but I want to know if there are any tried and good ones.,
Hi guys, I have a Jordanian student who wants to apply to nyuad. He has questions about Jordanian schooling tests and such. Are they any students from Jordan who would be willing to help this student out? :),
Hey guys, I'm working on a project for 24/X. I need people who are willing to give me 5 minutes of their time being filmed answering 2 questions. Please comment below if you're willing ❤❤ We can come to you!,
Does anyone have the syllabus for Contracts with Peter Goodrich please??,
Hey! Need to borrow a grater, and long shot but a small scale for baking ?? :),
Hey Guys! (asking for a friend), when is the summer 2 in New York application due? Is it due March 1st or later? Also, is the summer application for Abu Dhabi due today midnight? or tomorrow midnight? Thanks!,
I have always wondered why are there no dogs around campus if there are cats :/ #suchanimalism?,
Hey people this cat is injured and cannot walk properly, and is also mewing as if it is in pain. Is there any way someone can help the cat?,
Hey does anyone have playing cards that I may borrow for this Friday? Please.,
Hey Everyone, currently working on a project with the Alumni Association to try to open up any type of "Maker Space" or studio space to Alum in NYC.  Are there any spaces you'd like access to post-graduation? (e.g. Stuyvesant Woodshop, ITP workspace) The more specific the better!,
Does anybody know of a Professor who has studied Conflict Resolution in any way? Could be on a personal level or big scale... Anything helps, even if his/her area of study is just vaguely related. Thank youuuu,
Does anyone have a plane pillow that I could borrow until Monday? Please,
Hey,  Did anyone take the class "Drama in Performance" in New York?,
Anybody from a country with mandatory military service who is willing to speak with me sometime today?  Thank you!,
did anyone take the core Microbes with Ignatius Tan? if so, how is the workload, is it interesting/fun?,
Would anyone be interested in working as an assistant for the core Language of Computing? The class is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2:30 - 3:15 PM with Professor Sana Odeh. Must have experience with coding in Python! ** This is currently happening, so it would be for the remainder of the spring semester,
Anyone has a syllabus of Elisabeth Anderson's FOMST??,
RESOLVED - Does anyone have extra tickets for Barzakh tonight?,
Hey guys! When and Where is the 2017 Summer Opportunities Program - Info Session?,
Hey can I talk to any Poli Sci - Psychology double majors? Thanks :),
Hey people, do we have anybody that lived or have seen Viale Matteotti dorms in Florence? Thank you! :),
Hey.. I have dollars I want to exchange to dirhams if anyone is interested,
Hey guys! Can u have some advice on "A Thousand and One Night's" as a core class? Was it interesting? The professor is Luis Paulo-Lemo Parreiras-Horta. Any thoughts?,
Hey guys, Hennie Ward and I are both in need of white pants/skirts/dresses/abayas that we could borrow tomorrow afternoon for our class. (We promise to keep you whites white, we will look after them!) :),
Hey everyone,  So for those who have done research in the summer, were you guys on F1 visas?,
Hey guys! My friend from The National is writing a story about the US travel ban. Do we have any people that are citizens or originally from Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Syria or Libya?  If so, please comment with your net ID for a 5 minutes phone call about how this Trump ban effects you. Thanks!,
Hey!  Do we have any latino dance lessons on campus?,[
Urgent] Hey guys! Does anyone have dicloran gel or voltaren gel or any similar cream to treat swelling in foot?,
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you knew if any Business related or Management were amongst Majors that were considered to be added to NYUAD's list? Alternatively, does anyone know if a Management or Business concentration can be pursued in a Global Network Site (especially NYUNY)? Thank you.,
Hey guys! Looking for a part time content writer who can write (blog posts, social media posts) on topics of education and travel. Your compensation TBD. PM me with some examples of your writing.,[
Resolved] Hey! Does anybody how to import your classes to google calendar? Thanks!,
What are Student Government's operating times to borrow Al Vroom (or any other trolley)?,
Non-travel related: How has NBAD contacted you for your debit card pickup?  I applied in early November and still haven't received a notice.  I called their toll free number and their representative was unable to provide a status on my application.,
Can anyone taking Indian Political Thought: Idea of India, send me the syllabus please? Thank you!,
Anybody know why I have no mealswipes? Who do I contact about this.,
Hey guys :) quick question regarding capstone during January term - do we have to attend any class, as indicated on Albert, or is it just independent work? Am not sure how this works. Thanks,
Anyone took a class with Professor Vicky Kiechel? NYU DC? (I'm sorry, I don't have access to course review because I don't seem to be a student),
Student Gov people: plz plz I need to borrow a trolley at 1pm... tried emailing u but no replies. Help?!,
girls interested in doing WO brazilian jiu-jitsu, please comment or pm your netid,
Anyone willing to lend me a duffle bag for a week long class trip? Will get you a souvenir from Kenya.,
Anybody know if the school still offers Rosetta Stone for free?,
Does anyone have a laundry bag that I could use / buy? Mine was stolen las semester and I don't feel like stealing someone's.........,
People who have been to Sri Lanka, how did you move around?  Is hiring a driver a good idea/ cheap? Does anyone know a driver there? Thanks in advance!,
Does anyone know why Ryanair's website doesn't work? Many of my friends have problems accessing it in this country. And possible ways to get around it? Thank you :),
Any Lit majors who i could talk to?,
Someone who can code Python and wants to earn money from it? Preferably someone who has taken Data Structures and Algorithms. PM me.,
Does anyone want to share a taxi to the airport tomorrow morning at around 7am?,
Anyone have some gift wrapping paper they'd be willing to part with? Pls I don't need much,
Can anyone add me to the course review website? Here is my netID: aa3817,
Hey guys, if you identify as Western European and you could take this survey  (it's 2 questions, won't take you more than 10 seconds) you'd make my life much easier!,
hey friends in a6b can we please get the tables in the second floor lounge back since we are no longer celebrating unthanksgiving i can help in transportation shukrannn,
hey people doing the piano/singing recital~where is it?,
Hey guys,  Does anyone have experience with not being able to reach the airport they fly out from (due to snow, closed roads, etc)? Could GlobalEd help us in any way or is it all on us to resolve?  Thank you and have a great NYE!,
Hey guys! I'm wondering what your thoughts are on my hairstyle? It's for a class ,
Anyone know what time the library loses today? Is it still 8pm? Are hey extending hours becuz you know... finals?,
Hey guys, I lost my ID (maybe around the lib cafe), please let me know if you find it :(( thank youu,
Hey everyone! Does anyone have Christmas lights or fairy lights we can borrow for the evening?,
Hey everyone, thoughts on these J-term classes? CORES-AD 73J Meaning of Life COREA-AD 68J Music and the Mind CORES-AD 75J Idea of the University COREX-AD 55J Social Chameleons,
hey! i require a native spanish speaker to check a lil something for a friend of mine. quite urgent, promise it won't take long! pm me. gracias!,
Hey guys, has anyone ever cancelled their ticket home over break with Nirvana and just booked their own ticket? Is there a cancellation fee? How helpful are Nirvana and Global ed? Is this even possible to do? Thanks in advance for any help.,
hey fam anyone has some cake ?,
Hey lovelies, [resolved] Is A6 open to students over the break (today)? just the first two floors.,
Hey, can I borrow playing cards from anyone? Pleaseeeee,
Hey guys - I'm writing a case study on tattoos and would like to interview several people with tattoos. It'll just be a brief couple of questions and I would really appreciate it. Please comment below if you're interested!,
Hey people! Does anyone know when we get our spring stipends? Thanks.,
Is the office of Global Ed open today?,
hey guys!!  does anyone know how i can print my geoblue insurance for nyc?  thanks🎈🎈,
Hey guys! I just received my NBAD card, can I set up the pin code through our ATM or does it necessarily have to be NBAD ?,
Hey guys, I am seeking for advice on laptops.  Expectations are: 1. Can run PS & Indesign, 2. Can run Civilization VI (without getting stuck), 3. Battery lasts long. Thank thank thank youuuuuuu!,
Anybody at the library right now?,
Any one with a tonne lot of campus dirhams and doesnt know how to finish them? I am here for you😊.,
Hey guys! So out of desperation and sheer necessity, I enrolled in a FYWS with Camilla Boisen. I currently am on the waitlist for Bryan Waterman's "Records" and have edited a swap with the former if I get in. I was wondering if anyone has any thoughts on Camilla Boisen and whether I should stay in this class, as I do not want to go in without knowing what to expect.,
HOMIES is there an nyuad alum group?? I'm sure there is and i was equally sure i was in it  but it turns out i am not. I have an awesome opportunity for alums that I want to share,
Has anyone interned at the US Embassy in Abu Dhabi before? Mind sharing your experience with me? :),
hey guys, would any of you be interested in Carnatic music lessons or workshops? I went through many years of training as a Carnatic vocalist but i'm starting to forget some of it - so I thought if enough people are interested, maybe doing a series of classes/workshops can help me practice :)  (if not, i'm also open to other suggestions on how to keep in touch with an art form that's not common in NYUAD!)  for reference:,[
Resolved!]A luggage scale anyone?,
Dear People, What is the best way to resolve student travels giving me extremely absurd and inefficient routes and argue that this is the best efficient way?,
Good afternoon :) Is anyone willing to lend me a luggage scale for a couple of mins? Please-please-please :3,
Hey ^_^ Is anyone in the US right now that can take a small box of gifts for my family with them to the UAE and mail it to them there?  I'll pay for all shipping and baggage costs and leave a few gifts for you too!,
Hey guys - for finals, where is WA-005?,
Hey guys! Anyone who has taken Foundations of Art 2 and can tell me what it is all about? Or the syllabus?,
Hey y'all is anyone going to any mall today and could grab me something while they are there?,
Hey y'all I'm creating a playlist for defend the nest tonight? What songs you wanna hear while we watch the falcons kick some ass!?,
Hey lovelies, I'm going to Shanghai for Jterm and I need to apply for the visa while I am here in NYC. Has anyone ever applied for a Chinese visa in NYC? The consulates website isn't that helpful and no one from the office of global education is answering my emails. Thank you!,
Hey all -- I'm coming to AD next semester and have absolutely no requirements I need to fulfill while there. Any suggestions for your all-time favorite class?,
Hey guys,  A friend and I were thinking about buying some equipment, so we wanted to know if anyone would be interested in possibly renting gopro's, drones, action cameras, etc. If so please like this post. So we can get an idea of interest levels.,
hey guys does anyone want to go on a date with me,
Hey guys, we're getting a bus to attend the Sharjah International Book Fair on Friday, 4th November, specifically Rupi Kaur's seminar on "The Poetry Field: Poetry and its Large Audience"!!!  Okay, logistics. The bus will cost us around 900 dhs and can seat up to 30 people. That's 30 dhs each, way cheaper than using public buses and cabs to get to the Sharjah Expo Center, where the event is taking place. Comment below with your net ID if you're interested in attending. Submit your money tomorrow to:-  Vamika Sinha from 11:00 am-1:00 pm (Library Cafe)  Me from 7:30 pm-8:30 pm (D2)  TOMORROW IS THE ONLY DAY THAT YOU CAN PAY.  The bus will leave the Welcome Center at 5:15 pm sharp and we're expecting to get back around midnight. More information at: http://www.sharjahbookfair.com/default.aspx Peace out. (Pls come it'll be lit.),
Hey! I was wondering if someone could help me out. My aunt is designing an app that allows for parents to track their kids spending and gives them points if they spend responsibly. She's looking for a name, any ideas?,
Hey guys, as a part of a core project, I'm currently writing a book that requires me to interview people and ask for their reflections on maturity and personal experience(s) of transitioning from childhood to adulthood. If you have a story to tell and would like to contribute to the book, please comment below or PM me. The entire thing won't take longer than an hour of your time and maybe a few follow-up questions. Rewards include a copy of the book and the chance to project your voice out there.  P.S The copy can be signed.  P.P.S Help a fellow human out here.,
Hey peeps, anyone been to Kuwait? Ideas for some fun(ish) stuff to do there?,
hey guys does anyone have a projector that i could borrow for the evening/ does the lib rent them out at this time? thx,
Hey. Anyone with ANY knowledge of the constitutional reforms in Bosnia? Or just general information about Bosnian Politics. I would like to chat for like 10 minutes please :),
Hey fam!  Thoughts and feels on the following Econ classes/professors,  Poverty: An Economic Analysis - Francois Bourguignon Behavioral Economics - Ernesto Reuben  Technology and Economic Development - Yaw Nyarko  Pls help. Can't wait to get rid of my last Econ elective,
Hey guys, has any of you watched the series "How to get Away with Murder" and is willing to answer a very brief question about the show for my class? If you are willing to do so please send me a direct message (won't take more than 5 minutes),
Hey everyone! So I need some help for a Project for my Core Class. I want to create a collection of memories, more specifically linked to mothers. I was wondering if anyone could share their favorite picture of themselves with their mother and maybe 2 or 3 sentences (feel free to write more if you feel there need/ there is a  story you want to tell) on why that specific picture is so special for you. You can pm me the picture and the sentences.  If you have it in physical form let me know and I can stop by, scan it and return it immediately! Please please please help me get a good grade on my final thank youuuuu,
Hey guys, I'm basically super undeclared major wise rn and was thinking of looking into SRPP next semester - is foundations of modern social thought a good intro to that major or does anyone recommend a different SRPP elective/class that would help me figure out if its something id like to pursue? Thaanks,
Hey friends!  Do any of you have a spare ten minutes on Sunday or Monday and would be willing/want to be in a video for the Health Promotion Office. You would just need to read out a sentence (that will be given to you) on camera. If you are interested, please comment with you net id below. The filming will be between 10am-12pm on Sunday and 12:00-2:30pm on Monday, but you can come whenever suits you within those times.  You'd be my hero <3,
Hey everyone, we are trying to have a cloth donation drive in collaboration with Operation Smile, so we would really appreciate if we can get around 10 storage boxes from you all for this purpose. If you still have some storage boxes lying around could you comment below and we can come and pick them up? Thank you! Also, if you are simply interested in helping out/volunteering, feel free to let me know as well!,
Hey!! Does anyone know where Professor Jill Magi's office is?,
Hey guys. Does anyone have a copy of the book "The God of Small Things" and is willing to give it to me? I am willing to pay for it! Thank you!!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know of a good location for a desert scene where I can bring a car to? (I can't bring one to the construction site behind campus) #intermediatefilmmaking,
Hey! Do you guys have any recommendations on the following colloquia/professors? I would highly appreciate it:         - CCOL-AD 23 The Commendments (Jim Savio)         - CCOL-AD 24 Life in the Universe (Joseph Gelfand)         - CCOL-AD 28 Global Governance (Michael Harsch) Thank you so much! :),
Hey guys! Out of the ones that did the passport/visa thing for jterm in NY, does anyone know how/where to get the passport back?  We need to get it from the empost, but anyone knows where is it located? Thank you!,
Hey! Does anyone recommend any good (interesting and easy) Structure Or Science cores (old core curriculum) for the Spring in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey how do I go about booking an in-person tutorial with a librarian at NYUAD? I tried the student portal form and was directed to librarians in Bobst library.,
Hey guys! Any one who is a math major here 😀Really need some help on the academic schedule [especially one study away and  math electives] and have some questions about capstone.🙈  Thx a lot,
Hey, does anyone have bread for this poor soul?,
hey - is there anyone coming to NY for jterm who would be willing to lug a package-sized thing from AD halfway across the world for a humble alum like myself?,
hey guys any outdoorsy spot with wifi, power outlet for charging and a good desk on campus for some chill work time.,
Hey guys, any input on Linear Algebra with  Olivier Pauluis vs Arman Mimar? (I learned that armans LA class wasnt that good but I couldnt find any info on Olivier.) Thank you!,
How does one go about getting reimbursed from Oman insurance? Thank you,
Hey guys! Does anyone have noodles?,
Hey guys! Do you know of any Emirati lifestyle bloggers/digital influencers? Please help <3,
Required: you to attend Defend the Nest tonight. The Falcons are back and ready to put on a show for y'all. Lucky Luke Tyburski will be droppin' dimes, Paulius will be cracking ribs, and Alex Baguette will be tossing the bread around. Miha will have you screaming 'YeeeHaww!' while Karolis is making the other team look careless. Titas's shooting will have Masdar wishing they even suit up, will Tomasz and crew's attire will have them wishing they had. Astronomers were claiming last night's moon was the largest in 15 years, but they obviously haven't seen Big Muna Nwadike. Good-Guy-Gregory-Goldemberg and Laurence of Saudi Arabia will be running the break, David Kim will be dabbing over defenders, Brian will be breaking ankles, and the fancy moves of Mr. Chang will be having everyone screaming "Damn Daniel". Of course during all of this Juju Quartz will be on the beat. Women play at 7:30, men at 9:00. Be there!,
Hey Guys, does anyone have rubbing alcohol?,
Panadol?,
Hey Guys! I am doing a project which requires actors and photographers! If you feel like you wanna contribute to a student project with your acting or with your photos, please leave a comment below with your NetID, state which part you are interested in and I send you the details! No previous experience required!,
what makes you feel better when you are feeling down?,
Hey guys, I would like to hear your thoughts on the following courses (professor? amount of work? easy grade?):  1. Data by Azza Abouzied  2. The Mind by Bas Rokers 3. Gender and Globalization by Rahma Abdulkadir 4. Money and the Good Life by Alide Cagidemetro 5. Fundamentals of Acting by Catherine Coray  6. Gender and Representation by Gayatri Gopinath,
Anyone going to the US embassy tomorrow at around 7:50-8:00am and want to share a cab? (I know it's early but my appointment is at 8:15 am),
Does anyone have lemongrass ?,
Hi, does anyone have any medicine to fix a blocked/leaky nose? Cough syrup would be a bonus. Thank you :),[
Resolved]Anyone with a long black shirt/top/T-shirt they can lend for tonight? Preferably plain, but beggars can't be choosers. Please PM me, willing to give campus dirhams in return.  TIA! :),
Hey guys, does anyone have cup noodles?,
Anyone going to the US Embassy Monday morning wants to share a cab? My appointment is at 9 am.,
Hey guys, does anyone have transparant document sleeves? (U shaped file),
Hey guys! Does anyone have a Sterile Plain Gauze Swabs??,
Anyone who considers themselves a social media guru (worked on this for an internship, in a formal setting) and wouldn't mind giving me some tips? Please and thanks :),
Last minute help, pleasee! Any thoughts on DC courses - Financial Crisis and Politics of the Near and Middle East?,
Hey guys, I lost my adidas backpack... It's black with some orange highlights. If anyone could find it please let me know!,
Hey guys, I lost my ring. It's a silver ring with a green circular jade stone. If you find it please msg me! Thank you so much!,
Anyone who has taken notes at the Procrastination workshop willing to share them with me?,
Hey guys anyone have a salvar/lehenga and a kurta i can borrow for the following weekend??,
Are NYUAD students allowed to stay in Alumni Hall during study away in NY? /Are we allowed to stay in single rooms in a suite?  (The housing portal says we must be in shared rooms but I'm not sure if that includes shared suites of singles),
Looking for at least 20 girls and 15 guys to participate in the Mannequin Challenge!! Please leave a comment below if you're interested in participating AND if you're available this Saturday from 1pm - 2pm!,
Anybody have any experiences with losing an item in a cab? Like how long did it take for you to get it back or if you did end up getting it back? I left my iPhone in a cab around 3:30 AM and couldn't call the company until now and nobody turned it in. It was last tracked at 4:00 AM at St. Regis Hotel and it's just worrisome that the cab driver didn't turn it in :(,
Hey Guys!  I have dirhams need dollars in the range of 150 anyone willing to exchange?,
Anyone have contact lenses either -3.5 or -3.75 or even -3 that I could buy off you plz,
hey alumni,  I need your help! As a senior working on my capstone, I realize how much work you put in to get a great capstone out! I also realize that there's no place for NYUAD students to showcase these amazing capstones for the next set of NYUAD students to read and enjoy!  So, I've thought of coming up with an online collection for all the capstones. I need just 3 minutes of your time to upload the capstone, and I'll take care of everything else! We've already got a few people interested, so come join the bandwagon! I hope you can help me make this a reality! Here's the link for the submission. Will literally take 3 minutes or less: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1 Thank you so much!  Sincerely yours,  PWee TLDR; Take 3 minutes to upload your capstone here to get eternal fame: https://goo.gl/forms/godgAdm7iuJkiscj1,
Hey ya'll, what's going on with Open Mic this semester?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a graphic designer on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey, i've been wondering, I know there's a gamer SIG but how do I reach them ? Also, Anyone here play EVE ? Interested in trying it out ? Hit me up!,
Hey Econ-finance majors, how important it is to take Foundation of Financial Markets before studying abroad in NY?,
Hey! Is anyone interested in taking an advanced-level French class in Abu Dhabi next semester?,
Hey Alumn, does anyone know how to access documentation of capstone presentations/exhibitions? I know they were taking photos and such but I don't know where to find them.  Thanks!,
Hey! Who was responsible for the A5A (girls' non vis) Breast Cancer poster? BECAUSE IT IS AWESOME and we'd like to show it off at the Breast Cancer High Tea!,
Hey. Does anyone know from where can i buy a machine/gun that produces smoke rings? Alternatively,
any other machine/tool that can make smoke rings and i can buy from somewhere in Abu Dhabi?,
Hey guys, If anyone wants to play futsal today , we have booked a court in the gym and planning to play from 5-7 pm! Everyone is welcome to join !,
Hey! We're going to Vienna, Austria this fall break. Any recommendations on what to do/eat/see? 💃🏻,
Anyone arriving to DXB Terminal 1 around 10pm on the 24th (Monday) and wants to share a cab to the campus? Need 2 more people.,
Hey! Is there anyone willing go in my place at a personal training appointment with one of the fitness trainers, today at 12:30 until 1pm? I can't go anymore and it is too late to cancel the appointment...,
hey guys im trying to validate courses on albert nd stuff and theres this one class that wont validate because it says theres a pre-req but the course description doesnt say that there is one ????????????????,
Hey guys, I'm looking for people who have applied or are planning to apply for test prep funding. Comment or message me if you don't mind answering a couple of questions. :),
Hey, does anybody know when we get our next stipend? Thank you.,
Hey does anyone know what the schedule is for commencement week? My parents want to book their flight but don't know when to arrive.  Any grads from last year have advice?,
Hi hi is there anyone who knows how to write music + sing who's willing to spend about a day over the weekend with me and help me write a song? Some form of eatable compensation is negotiable.,
Hey. Anyone have any kind of black cardboard/ transparent plastic sheets? Needed sometime today or tomorrow.,
Any common stereotypes about Mexico that you've heard of? (Regardless of whether they're positive, negative, true, or false). Thanks!,
hey, sorry to be a bother but has anyone seen a small brown paper bag with medicine in it? i really need it.  i've already called public safety, but i thought i'd give this a shot. sorry for the stupid request, thanks,
hey can someone please tell me where I can find the current GeoBlue insurance coverage brochure?,
Hey guys, We are looking for a someone on campus who is willing to work with us over the next two/three months? The job is mainly filming a video. Probably a promotional+description video. PM me if you are interested or if you know anyone who is interested (:,
Hey! We are selling 2 tickets 300 dirhams each to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested. :),
RESOLVED: Hey guys!  This a sexy pic of a Moldovan sweet called "Placinta". Now that I got your attention, I would like to add to Toma's post :) We still need 3 more volunteers to participate in The Migrant and Refugee Crisis in Europe Panel Discussion!  Why should you participate?  - you get to escort and meet important people (22 EU Ambassadors :O) - you get free food!!! (Catering at the end ;) ) Comment under this post or message me if you are interested!,
Hey guys does anyone have crutches that I could borrow for a day or two? Would really appreciate it, thanks!,
Hey, A5A peeps, has anyone seen the iron from the laundry room? If you have it, please have the decency to return it (:,
Hey everyone :) does anyone know any cheap/free arabic courses online? Got mango and rosetta stone on the list so far... Thx,
Hey Guys  My j-term class for 2017 is Islamic Extremism in DC but I want any of the 3 classes in London, specifically Explorable Stories. Please, if you are willing to swap contact me!  Thanks!!,
Hey guys! Does anyone know where is the closest western union to campus?,
RE: Courses in DC Recommended courses to take and/or stay away from in DC? Any tips would be great!,
Hey friends! Anyone have a spare nose ring or stud that they would be willing to sell me?,[
Edit: men only!!] Hey so random request but someone from Dubai Opera reached out to me about finding extras for a prestigious French ballet company's show in two weeks' time. The deal is that you have to be shirtless on stage for part of the production, be comfortable being shirtless, and not have tattoos. It's not paid but time commitment is minimal, transportation  and food are covered, and you'll get to party + network with a bunch of influential people in the dubai and european arts scenes. Comment below if interested (or PM if ur shy) and I'll get you more info!,
Hey guys, do you have a plastic or metal box that you no longer need? I need it today as a housing for a small circuit.  Alternatively, message me if you can know how to use the laser cutter in the IdeaLab/IM lab. Thanks a lot!,
Social Chameleons anyone?,
Your advice on the following writing courses and/or professors: * "Ghastly Beauty" by Jim Savio * "Records" by Bryan Waterman * "Street food" by Deepak Unnikrishnan  * "Writers on Writing" by Ken Nielsen  * "The Memoir" by Marion Wren Priority: 1. Light workload; 2. Interesting; 3. Others,
hey guys does anyone have a bit of white vinegar that i could use,
Anyone who did a Jterm in Europe (specifically Berlin, but anywhere else too) and went to Europe earlier than Jterm start?  Thank you!! ❤️❤️❤️ #NeedAVisa,
Does anyone have any idea where I could go if I want to donate clothes?,
Anyone knows where to purchase Go board game sets (like the one in the picture) in Abu Dhabi or the UAE? Or just general board game equipment stores that we should look into? Thanks!,
Headphones found in the women's only gym,
is there anyone who's travelled during their semester abroad but funded by NYUAD? for a conference or to represent the university somewhere?  could be for debate or MUN or science or literally anything that was approved by Global Ed, and a ticket was purchased for them departing from a city other than Abu Dhabi. please help!!,[
Resolved]So, a good friend of mine, Shivani Mishra has left her phone(Samsung J7) which has her ID card and room card attached on the back. The only places she could've possibly left it at are the Convenience Store and the 5:30 shuttle to the Corniche.  Pretty pleaseeee, let us know if you find it and/or have any ideas about how to go about finding it. We've spoken to Public Safety already, so that's that. Will pay back with food/coffee/grateful hugs/freshman love.  Thank you! ❤️,[
Resolved]Does anybody happen to have the adapter for this? It's urgent, please PM me or drop a message if you have an adapter.  Thanks!,
Can anyone give me a backpack for fall break? pls thank you,
Anyone have a bike or many bikes I could borrow for the afternoon? Alternatively, has Athletics ever let anyone rent out bikes without taking that bike safety course?,
FREE transportation to Saadiyat Public Beach at 3:25 PM TODAY from the Welcome Center. RA Nicole Nichifor and myself are organizing event for our residents, but we have some 15 free spots. :),
Hey guys,  It would be great if anyone can let me borrow an XL coat/jacket (Western size) for 5 days. Will wash and iron it afterwards. Bonus an hour of non-stop singing and treats from Georgia.,
Hey beautiful people. I find myself in need of a translation of an address into Mandarin in a proper form recognizable by Chinese Taxi drivers:  (I worry google Translate would mess it up) East China Normal University 3663 Zhongshan N Rd, Putuo, Shanghai, China, 200062 Thank you.,
Hey guys, how do I go about getting 2nd floor lounge temperature changed so that I don't freeze?,
A kind soul that would lend me a women's coat/jacket for fall break (appropriate for 10-15 C weather)? Size medium should be good, black preferable but beggars can't be choosers Will repay in WHATEVER YOU WANT ❤️ bls ok thanks xxx,
Hi guys, does anyone know how to send money from our citi bank credit card to another credit card? Thank you!!,(
Sold) Hey, anyone willing to buy rmb for aed? It's good for J-term in Shanghai (Exchange rate between uae and China is shocking.. always). Max amount 2800 rmb.,
Does anyone know if I can record music on campus? If yes, where and how?,
Hey guys! I'm selling a ticket to Fiesta de los Muertos in Dubai tomorrow. Pm me if you're interested.,
